com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLProtectionSpace
androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend$EmbeddingCallbackImpl
com.google.firebase.components.ComponentDiscoveryService
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity$1
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.InterceptAjaxRequestJS
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.HitTestResult
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.ScheduledNotificationBootReceiver
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebViewRendererBoundaryInterface
androidx.window.layout.DisplayCompatHelperApi17
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.SafeBrowsingResponseBoundaryInterface
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.BuildConfig
androidx.window.R
com.facebook.CurrentAccessTokenExpirationBroadcastReceiver
androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplApi26
androidx.window.layout.ActivityCompatHelperApi30
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyWebStorage$3
androidx.window.layout.SidecarAdapter$Companion
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculatorCompat
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$layout
androidx.window.layout.ExtensionInterfaceCompat$ExtensionCallbackInterface
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat$registerConfigurationChangeListener$configChangeObserver$1
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.CustomTabActivityHelper$ConnectionCallback
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentManager$6
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InputAwareWebView$1
androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend$Companion
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.CreateWindowAction
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.ContentWorld
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$13
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color
com.facebook.AuthenticationTokenManager$CurrentAuthenticationTokenChangedBroadcastReceiver
androidx.appcompat.widget.FitWindowsLinearLayout
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.FlutterWebViewFactory
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.scheduling.jobscheduling.AlarmManagerSchedulerBroadcastReceiver
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.OnWindowFocusEventJS
androidx.window.layout.WindowLayoutInfo
androidx.lifecycle.CompositeGeneratedAdaptersObserver
com.google.firebase.components.ComponentRegistrar
androidx.window.embedding.ActivityStack
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$string
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style
androidx.window.core.Version
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ExpandedMenuView
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebSettingsBoundaryInterface$ForceDarkBehavior
io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.ImagePickerPlugin$LifeCycleObserver
androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompat
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebMessagePayloadBoundaryInterface
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.ReflectedParcelable
androidx.window.layout.HardwareFoldingFeature$Type
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.ClientCertChallenge
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.styles.InboxStyleInformation
androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplApi21
com.facebook.FacebookActivity
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.ActionBroadcastReceiver
androidx.window.layout.HardwareFoldingFeature$Companion
com.google.firebase.messaging.FirebaseMessaging
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageListener
androidx.activity.ImmLeaksCleaner
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.TracingControllerBoundaryInterface
android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$ItemReceiver
android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$QueueItem
com.facebook.share.Share
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback$AnimationCallback
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserManager
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$10
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$10
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$4
androidx.lifecycle.ReflectiveGenericLifecycleObserver
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.styles.BigPictureStyleInformation
com.google.firebase.FirebaseCommonRegistrar
com.google.firebase.provider.FirebaseInitProvider
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.RuntimeTypeAdapterFactory
android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat
com.google.firebase.installations.FirebaseInstallationsRegistrar
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebMessageListenerBoundaryInterface
com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.LifecycleCallback
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.CctBackendFactory
androidx.window.R$id
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$16
androidx.window.core.Version$bigInteger$2
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.scheduling.jobscheduling.JobInfoSchedulerService
com.google.android.gms.common.GooglePlayServicesIncorrectManifestValueException
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewStatic$2
com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.zzd
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.BitmapSource
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat$TranslatingCallback
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.JavaScriptBridgeJS
androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTrackerImpl$windowLayoutInfo$1
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$menu
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$14
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$14
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLCredential
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.StaticsBoundaryInterface
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$5
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculator$Companion$decorator$1
androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend$SplitListenerWrapper
com.baseflow.geolocator.GeolocatorLocationService
com.facebook.internal.FacebookInitProvider
com.google.android.gms.auth.UserRecoverableAuthException
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsOptions
androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature$Orientation$Companion
androidx.window.layout.ExtensionInterfaceCompat
androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend$WindowLayoutChangeCallbackWrapper
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.OnWindowBlurEventJS
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingAdapter
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$3
com.facebook.core.Core
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$16
androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplApi26Parcelizer
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PluginScript
androidx.window.R$styleable
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$15
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelGroupDetails
androidx.window.embedding.SplitController
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebMessageBoundaryInterface
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.URLCredentialContract$FeedEntry
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.FeatureFlagHolderBoundaryInterface
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$DownloadStartListener
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.SignInAccount
androidx.window.embedding.SplitRule$LayoutDir
androidx.window.java.layout.WindowInfoTrackerCallbackAdapter$addListener$1$1$invokeSuspend$$inlined$collect$1
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.CustomTabsHelper
androidx.window.java.layout.WindowInfoTrackerCallbackAdapter$addListener$1$1
com.google.android.gms.location.LocationResult
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController$2
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Options
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$5
androidx.lifecycle.SavedStateHandleAttacher
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.URLCredentialDao
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.NotificationStyle
androidx.media.AudioAttributesImpl
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$3
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat$DistinctElementCallback
com.android.installreferrer.api.ReferrerDetails
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerHandler$3
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebMessageCallbackBoundaryInterface
com.google.android.gms.maps.model.LatLng
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebSettingsBoundaryInterface$WebAuthnSupport
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewRenderProcessClient
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$1
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebResourceErrorBoundaryInterface
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$18
androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature$OcclusionType
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessagePort$3
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.MessageDetails
com.google.android.gms.common.api.Status
androidx.window.layout.DisplayCompatHelperApi28
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$11
io.flutter.plugins.firebase.messaging.FlutterFirebaseMessagingInitProvider
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserOptions
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFileProvider
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InputAwareWebView
android.support.v4.media.AudioAttributesImplApi26Parcelizer
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculator$Companion$overrideDecorator$1
io.flutter.plugins.firebase.messaging.FlutterFirebaseAppRegistrar
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.URLProtectionSpaceDao
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.StackTraceRecoveryKt
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler$3
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebMessagePayloadBoundaryInterface$WebMessagePayloadType
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.ProcessGlobalConfigConstants
com.google.android.gms.auth.TokenData
androidx.window.layout.WindowBackend
com.google.android.gms.common.api.GoogleApiActivity
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.InterceptFetchRequestJS
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScript
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.JavaScriptBridgeInterface$2
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$2
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$17
io.flutter.embedding.engine.plugins.lifecycle.HiddenLifecycleReference
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.styles.DefaultStyleInformation
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$7
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$4
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.VisualStateCallbackBoundaryInterface
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$10$1
com.google.android.gms.common.SupportErrorDialogFragment
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController$3
com.google.android.gms.maps.GoogleMapOptions
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController
com.facebook.CustomTabActivity
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI
androidx.window.embedding.EmptyEmbeddingComponent
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebMessagePortBoundaryInterface
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.ScheduledNotificationReceiver
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.HttpAuthenticationChallenge
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$9
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$2
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ServiceConnectionCallback
androidx.window.embedding.SplitPairRule
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.IconSource
androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend
androidx.versionedparcelable.ParcelImpl
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterOverlaySurface
androidx.window.layout.ActivityCompatHelperApi24
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.ScheduledNotificationRepeatFrequency
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingInterfaceCompat$EmbeddingCallbackInterface
androidx.window.layout.EmptyDecorator
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$6
androidx.activity.OnBackPressedDispatcher$LifecycleOnBackPressedCancellable
androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature
com.facebook.applinks.AppLinks
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.FlutterWebView
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyCookieManager$3
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.SslCertificateExt
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingRule
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.ServiceWorkerManager$DummyServiceWorkerClientCompat
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ServiceConnection
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewRenderProcessClient$1
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$6
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.styles.MessagingStyleInformation
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$17
com.dipanshutech.flutter_grocery.MainActivity
androidx.window.core.ExperimentalWindowApi
com.facebook.login.LoginFragment
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.DisplayListenerProxy$1
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.SslErrorExt
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivity$1
androidx.window.R$attr
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerActionType
androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend
androidx.savedstate.Recreator
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebResourceRequestBoundaryInterface
androidx.window.embedding.SplitInfo
androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTrackerImpl$Companion
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Util$1$1
dev.fluttercommunity.plus.share.SharePlusPendingIntent
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$9
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.JsReplyProxyBoundaryInterface
android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$CustomAction
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$6
androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTrackerImpl
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.NavigationAction
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTrigger
com.google.firebase.concurrent.ExecutorsRegistrar
androidx.window.java.layout.WindowInfoTrackerCallbackAdapter
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebSettingsBoundaryInterface
android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Token
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTriggerResourceType
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerHandler$2
android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$SearchResultReceiver
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.PlatformUtil
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLRequest
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.URLProtectionSpaceContract$FeedEntry
androidx.window.embedding.SplitPlaceholderRule
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeSafariBrowserManager
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Util$PrivateKeyAndCertificates
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyWebStorage
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.headless_in_app_webview.HeadlessInAppWebView
androidx.window.embedding.SplitRule$Api30Impl
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageChannel$2
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebViewProviderFactoryBoundaryInterface
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PreferredContentModeOptionType
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.RevocationBoundService
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController$1
androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature$Orientation
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivitySingleInstance
androidx.window.core.Version$Companion
androidx.fragment.app.Fragment$5
com.google.firebase.datatransport.TransportRegistrar
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.SoundSource
dev.fluttercommunity.plus.share.ShareFileProvider
kotlin.internal.jdk7.JDK7PlatformImplementations
androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature$State$Companion
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebAuthnCallbackBoundaryInterface
androidx.fragment.app.DialogFragment
androidx.window.embedding.SplitRuleParser
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.ThreadedInputConnectionProxyAdapterView
com.facebook.login.DeviceAuthDialog
androidx.window.embedding.ActivityFilter
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessagePort
android.support.v4.media.AudioAttributesImplBaseParcelizer
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.utils.StringUtils
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.headless_in_app_webview.HeadlessInAppWebViewManager
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Util$1
android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaItem
androidx.webkit.WebViewClientCompat
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.ProxyControllerBoundaryInterface
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler$2
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.ServiceWorkerManager$1
io.flutter.plugins.firebase.messaging.FlutterFirebaseMessagingService
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.pull_to_refresh.PullToRefreshLayout$2
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.TrustedWebActivity
androidx.browser.browseractions.BrowserActionsFallbackMenuView
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$2
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$4
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$8
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$19
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.DownloadStartRequest
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$8
com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.BasePendingResult
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$1
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessagePort$1
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.JavaScriptBridgeInterface$2$1
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$12
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.FlutterWebViewFactory$1
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.CustomTabsActionButton
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebViewRendererClientBoundaryInterface
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.PromisePolyfillJS
androidx.lifecycle.LegacySavedStateHandleController$1
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewStatic$3
androidx.emoji2.text.EmojiCompatInitializer
okhttp3.internal.publicsuffix.PublicSuffixDatabase
com.google.firebase.messaging.FirebaseMessagingRegistrar
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebViewClientBoundaryInterface
com.google.android.gms.common.util.DynamiteApi
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerHandler$1
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$13
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActivityChooserView$InnerLayout
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$animator
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.CredentialDatabase
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.RequestPermissionHandler
androidx.window.embedding.ActivityRule
androidx.window.embedding.SplitPairFilter
com.facebook.gamingservices.GamingServices
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingTranslatingCallback
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat$Companion
com.facebook.login.Login
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$15
com.google.firebase.iid.FirebaseInstanceId
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessage
com.google.android.gms.common.annotation.KeepName
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyWebStorage$2
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.internal.SignInHubActivity
androidx.window.embedding.MatcherUtils
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerHandler
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.ConsoleLogJS
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyCookieManager$1
androidx.appcompat.widget.FitWindowsFrameLayout
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.styles.BigTextStyleInformation
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Util
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.ServiceWorkerClientBoundaryInterface
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.PersonDetails
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat
android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompat
io.flutter.plugins.GeneratedPluginRegistrant
androidx.startup.InitializationProvider
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewRenderProcessClient$2
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelAction
com.facebook.common.Common
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.NavigationActionPolicy
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewStatic
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerAction
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivity
androidx.media.AudioAttributesCompatParcelizer
android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$12
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycling$1
androidx.versionedparcelable.CustomVersionedParcelable
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.DisplayListenerProxy
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingInterfaceCompat
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.Time
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.ActivityResultListener
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$7
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions
kotlin.internal.jdk8.JDK8PlatformImplementations
com.google.android.gms.location.LocationAvailability
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity$3
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.TrustedWebActivitySingleInstance
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler$6
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.SurfaceTextureWrapper
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.ServiceWorkerWebSettingsBoundaryInterface
io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.FlutterFirebasePluginRegistry
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScriptInjectionTime
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat$FirstAttachAdapter
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidDispatcherFactory
androidx.lifecycle.FullLifecycleObserverAdapter
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity$2
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelDetails
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler$1
androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature$State
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.backends.TransportBackendDiscovery
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.GoogleSignInAccount
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions$1
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.CredentialDatabaseHelper
androidx.window.layout.SidecarAdapter
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.ServiceWorkerManager
androidx.window.layout.ExtensionWindowLayoutInfoBackend$MulticastConsumer
io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.FlutterFirebasePlugin
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$18
com.android.installreferrer.api.InstallReferrerStateListener
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.utils.BooleanUtils
androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend$Companion
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.PrintJS
com.google.firebase.iid.FirebaseInstanceIdReceiver
androidx.activity.result.ActivityResultRegistry$1
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete
io.flutter.view.FlutterCallbackInformation
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyCookieManager$2
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationAction
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivity$2
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$7
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.DynamiteModule$DynamiteLoaderClassLoader
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity$4
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.ProcessGlobalConfigConstants$ProcessGlobalConfigMapKey
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleInitializer
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.JavaScriptBridgeInterface$1
androidx.annotation.Keep
com.google.android.gms.common.GooglePlayServicesManifestException
androidx.window.layout.HardwareFoldingFeature$Type$Companion
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$integer
androidx.window.java.R
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$3
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable
io.flutter.plugins.googlemaps.GoogleMapController
io.flutter.plugins.firebase.messaging.FlutterFirebaseMessagingBackgroundService
io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.ImagePickerFileProvider
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLAuthenticationChallenge
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.CustomTabsMenuItem
androidx.window.core.Bounds
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.DropDataContentProviderBoundaryInterface
android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebViewProviderBoundaryInterface
androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageChannel$1
com.google.firebase.messaging.FirebaseMessagingService
androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTracker$Companion
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity$4
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessagePort$2
androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTracker
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.styles.StyleInformation
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewStatic$1
androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplApi21Parcelizer
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlocker
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$interpolator
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterSplashView$SavedState
com.facebook.CustomTabMainActivity
android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$5
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$bool
androidx.lifecycle.SavedStateHandleController
androidx.window.layout.HardwareFoldingFeature
com.facebook.all.All
androidx.window.layout.ExtensionsWindowLayoutInfoAdapter
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.pull_to_refresh.PullToRefreshLayout$1
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView
com.android.installreferrer.api.InstallReferrerClient
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.pull_to_refresh.PullToRefreshLayout
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat$DistinctSidecarElementCallback
androidx.media.AudioAttributesCompat
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.OnLoadResourceJS
androidx.core.app.CoreComponentFactory
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyWebStorage$1
androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplBase
androidx.window.embedding.SplitRule
androidx.window.layout.ExtensionWindowLayoutInfoBackend
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PlatformWebView
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageListener$1
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.KeepAliveService
androidx.lifecycle.DefaultLifecycleObserver
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.ServerTrustChallenge
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler$4
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ActionBroadcastReceiver
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyCookieManager
androidx.window.layout.DisplayFeature
androidx.appcompat.app.AlertController$RecycleListView
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.CredentialDatabaseHandler
androidx.appcompat.widget.DialogTitle
androidx.lifecycle.LiveData$LifecycleBoundObserver
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebkitToCompatConverterBoundaryInterface
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback
com.google.android.gms.common.GooglePlayServicesMissingManifestValueException
io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.PluginScriptsUtil
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculator$Companion
androidx.appcompat.widget.AlertDialogLayout
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.URLProtectionSpaceContract
kotlin.coroutines.jvm.internal.BaseContinuationImpl
com.google.android.gms.maps.model.CameraPosition
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$1
android.support.v4.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer
com.google.android.gms.common.api.Scope
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity$3
com.facebook.internal.FacebookDialogFragment
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.DateTimeComponents
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.FlutterWebView$1
android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$MediaControllerImplApi21$ExtraBinderRequestResultReceiver
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.GoogleSignInOptions
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidExceptionPreHandler
android.support.v4.media.AudioAttributesImplApi21Parcelizer
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.ScriptHandlerBoundaryInterface
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.WebViewFeatureManager
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler$5
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.IsomorphicObjectBoundaryInterface
androidx.lifecycle.SingleGeneratedAdapterObserver
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculator$Companion$reset$1
androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend$ExtensionListenerImpl
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$4$1
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.RepeatInterval
io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.WebViewActivity
android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$CustomActionResultReceiver
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.CustomTabActivityHelper
com.google.android.gms.maps.model.LatLngBounds
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.Size2D
android.support.v4.media.AudioAttributesCompatParcelizer
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingCompat
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.ContextMenuOptions
io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.FlutterFirebaseCoreRegistrar
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingCompat$Companion
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingBackend
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity$5
androidx.appcompat.widget.ButtonBarLayout
com.facebook.messenger.Messenger
com.google.firebase.iid.Registrar
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculatorDecorator
io.flutter.plugins.firebase.messaging.FlutterFirebaseMessagingReceiver
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculator
androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplBaseParcelizer
android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.internal.SignInConfiguration
androidx.window.embedding.SplitController$Companion
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$11
android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ResultReceiverWrapper
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserDelegate
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$anim
androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTrackerDecorator
androidx.emoji2.text.EmojiCompatInitializer$1
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.ServiceWorkerControllerBoundaryInterface
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetrics
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageChannel
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebViewCookieManagerBoundaryInterface
com.google.android.gms.location.LocationRequest
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.pull_to_refresh.PullToRefreshOptions
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.JavaScriptBridgeInterface
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$xml
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebViewImplementation
androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature$OcclusionType$Companion
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.URLCredentialContract
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Util$WaitFlutterResult
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$1: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient this$0
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String GET_CALLBACK_HANDLE_METHOD
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_TextView_SpinnerItem
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$11: android.webkit.JsPromptResult val$result
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTextView
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int fontProviderAuthority
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_text_cursor_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int notification_big_circle_margin
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_list_item_height_large_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_height
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.FlutterWebViewFactory$1: int[] $SwitchMap$com$pichillilorenzo$flutter_inappwebview$types$WebViewImplementation
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String SELECT_NOTIFICATION
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int bright_foreground_inverse_material_dark
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack: java.util.List mutators
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_RadioButton
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.styles.DefaultStyleInformation: java.lang.Boolean htmlFormatTitle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_homeAsUpIndicator
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String GET_NOTIFICATION_CHANNELS_ERROR_CODE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
com.google.android.gms.location.LastLocationRequest: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String PERIODICALLY_SHOW_METHOD
com.google.android.gms.maps.model.CircleOptions: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_ic_arrow_drop_right_black_24dp
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int browser_actions_context_menu_max_width
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_fontVariationSettings
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int suggestionRowLayout
androidx.window.R$attr: int secondaryActivityName
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.String serifFontFamily
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int firstBaselineToTopHeight
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageListener: java.lang.String LOG_TAG
androidx.core.content.FileProvider: java.lang.String TAG_FILES_PATH
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.Integer maxProgress
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ActionBar_icon
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_2
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int abc_tint_edittext
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$5: android.webkit.SafeBrowsingResponse val$callback
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageListener: io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel channel
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String CONTENT_TITLE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Boolean useWideViewPort
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessagePort: boolean isStarted
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyWebStorage$3: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyWebStorage this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$anim: int btn_checkbox_to_unchecked_box_inner_merged_animation
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_000
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Boolean useShouldInterceptAjaxRequest
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int material_blue_grey_900
androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature$Orientation: androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature$Orientation$Companion Companion
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int notification_content_margin_start
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack: java.util.List finalClippingPaths
androidx.window.layout.EmptyDecorator: androidx.window.layout.EmptyDecorator INSTANCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController: java.lang.String DOCUMENT_READY_WRAPPER_JS_SOURCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int abc_decor_view_status_guard
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableItem_android_id
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeyData: int TYPE_URL_FIELD_NUMBER
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: boolean mDispatchingOnPictureInPictureModeChanged
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.Time: java.lang.Integer second
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.util.List actions
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_CompactMenu
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyCookieManager$1: io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result val$result
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_id
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.OnWindowBlurEventJS: java.lang.String ON_WINDOW_BLUR_EVENT_JS_SOURCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.CreateWindowAction: int windowId
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: int[] LAYOUT_ATTRS
androidx.window.R$styleable: int SplitPlaceholderRule_splitLayoutDirection
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$6: android.webkit.JsResult val$result
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$anim: int btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_ring_outer_animation
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int secondary_text_disabled_material_light
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionMenuTextAppearance
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String ALLOW_WHILE_IDLE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] StateListDrawable
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$1: java.util.Map val$headers
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String PERSON
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int windowFixedHeightMinor
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_STOP
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$DownloadStartListener: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView this$0
com.google.android.gms.internal.auth.zzdp: int zza
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler$5: io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result val$result
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int listMode
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.ThreadedInputConnectionProxyAdapterView: android.os.IBinder windowToken
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_radio
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin plugin
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: android.view.animation.Animation$AnimationListener mRefreshListener
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: android.os.Handler mainLooperHandler
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler$5: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_config_prefDialogWidth
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$2: android.webkit.WebView val$view
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.HmacKey: int PARAMS_FIELD_NUMBER
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelDetails: java.lang.String AUDIO_ATTRIBUTES_USAGE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar
androidx.window.R$styleable: int SplitPairFilter_primaryActivityName
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Platform_V25_AppCompat
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_material_anim
kotlinx.coroutines.DispatchedCoroutine: int _decision
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: android.view.animation.Animation mScaleAnimation
com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.ByteString$LiteralByteString: long serialVersionUID
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.Integer ledOffMs
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Boolean blockNetworkImage
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_elevation_material
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$3: androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Inverse
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int colorBackgroundFloating
androidx.core.content.FileProvider: androidx.core.content.FileProvider$PathStrategy mStrategy
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Boolean needInitialFocus
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_spinnerStyle
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String ICON
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.styles.MessagingStyleInformation: java.lang.String conversationTitle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int paddingStart
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String WHEN
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageChannel$2: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageChannel this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int searchIcon
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DropDownItem_Spinner
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int actionBarTabTextStyle
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.Boolean enableVibration
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.Boolean usesChronometer
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KmsAeadKeyFormat: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KmsAeadKeyFormat DEFAULT_INSTANCE
kotlinx.coroutines.JobSupport$Finishing: int _isCompleting
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserDelegate inAppBrowserDelegate
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesEaxKeyFormat: int KEY_SIZE_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Boolean blockNetworkLoads
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_dark
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_V26_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display2
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$string: int abc_action_mode_done
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int primary_dark_material_light
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.RepeatInterval: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.RepeatInterval[] $VALUES
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: int NOTIFICATION_PERMISSION_REQUEST_CODE
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String HIDE_EXPANDED_LARGE_ICON
androidx.fragment.app.BackStackState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.JavaScriptBridgeJS: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PluginScript JAVASCRIPT_BRIDGE_JS_PLUGIN_SCRIPT
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActivityChooserView
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int search_plate
com.facebook.login.DeviceAuthDialog$RequestState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItemSecondary
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyWebStorage: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin plugin
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerAction: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerActionType type
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display2
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$18: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView this$0
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCtrKey: int VERSION_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Indicator
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: int MAX_ALPHA
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_progress_bar_height_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_24
androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTrackerImpl$windowLayoutInfo$1: int label
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: android.widget.LinearLayout floatingContextMenu
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowDy
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$9: java.lang.String val$finalValue
androidx.window.embedding.SplitPairFilter: java.lang.String secondaryActivityIntentAction
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewStatic: java.lang.String LOG_TAG
com.facebook.appevents.AccessTokenAppIdPair$SerializationProxyV1: long serialVersionUID
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.HmacParams: int TAG_SIZE_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int uniform
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.OnWindowFocusEventJS: java.lang.String ON_WINDOW_FOCUS_EVENT_JS_PLUGIN_SCRIPT_GROUP_NAME
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Headline
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: io.flutter.embedding.engine.dart.PlatformMessageHandler platformMessageHandler
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.styles.BigTextStyleInformation: java.lang.String summaryText
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCtrParams: int ivSize_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.headless_in_app_webview.HeadlessInAppWebView: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.FlutterWebView flutterWebView
com.google.android.gms.common.api.Scope: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_31
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ActionBar_progressBarPadding
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar_Discrete
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Colored
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.InterceptAjaxRequestJS: java.lang.String FLAG_VARIABLE_FOR_SHOULD_INTERCEPT_AJAX_REQUEST_JS_SOURCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$anim: int abc_slide_in_top
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_visible
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_width_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int Toolbar_popupTheme
androidx.window.layout.ExtensionWindowLayoutInfoBackend$MulticastConsumer: java.util.Set registeredListeners
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String AUDIO_ATTRIBUTES_USAGE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_NoActionBar
com.facebook.appevents.AppEvent$SerializationProxyV2: long serialVersionUID
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int blocking
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_action_bar_item_background_material
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat: androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat$Companion Companion
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeyTypeEntry: int TYPE_URL_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Platform_AppCompat_Light
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationAction: java.lang.Integer titleColor
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String USES_CHRONOMETER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int SplitPlaceholderRule_splitLayoutDirection
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.SoundSource: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.SoundSource RawResource
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] FontFamily
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PreferredContentModeOptionType: int value
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.BitmapSource: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.BitmapSource DrawableResource
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerHandler$2: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerHandler this$0
com.google.i18n.phonenumbers.Phonemetadata$PhoneMetadataCollection: long serialVersionUID
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int abc_decor_view_status_guard_light
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.CustomTabsHelper: java.lang.String sPackageNameToUse
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.ServiceWorkerManager serviceWorkerManager
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int abc_secondary_text_material_dark
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity: boolean isHidden
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCtrKeyFormat: int PARAMS_FIELD_NUMBER
com.google.android.gms.maps.model.Tile: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_button_padding_horizontal_material
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String title
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int line1
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetrics: androidx.window.core.Bounds _bounds
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_left
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_spinnerDropDownItemStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowNoTitle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$2: int val$finalPort
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.String horizontalScrollbarTrackColor
com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.BasePendingResult: com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.zas mResultGuardian
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$4: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_29
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback$AnimationCallback animationCallback
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int switchPadding
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_checkbox
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserManager: java.lang.String LOG_TAG
androidx.window.embedding.SplitRule: int minWidth
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivity: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeSafariBrowserManager manager
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_DropDownItem_Spinner
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$4: java.lang.String val$message
androidx.concurrent.futures.AbstractResolvableFuture$Waiter: androidx.concurrent.futures.AbstractResolvableFuture$Waiter next
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int secondary_text_disabled_material_dark
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$16: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient this$0
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat: java.util.Map componentCallbackMap
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessagePort: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageChannel webMessageChannel
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] ActionMenuItemView
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int drawerArrowStyle
io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.FlutterFirebasePlugin: java.util.concurrent.ExecutorService cachedThreadPool
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.WorkQueue: java.lang.Object lastScheduledTask
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int checkMarkTint
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] FragmentContainerView
androidx.window.R$styleable: int[] SplitPairFilter
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Boolean cacheEnabled
android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions$1: int[] $SwitchMap$android$webkit$WebSettings$LayoutAlgorithm
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageListener: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface webView
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeysetInfo$KeyInfo: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeysetInfo$KeyInfo DEFAULT_INSTANCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int actionModeSelectAllDrawable
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat$DistinctSidecarElementCallback: androidx.window.sidecar.SidecarDeviceState lastDeviceState
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderPackage
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int SplitPlaceholderRule_splitMinSmallestWidth
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.PluginScriptsUtil: java.lang.String GET_SELECTED_TEXT_JS_SOURCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView_Menu
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int dim_foreground_material_dark
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity: java.lang.String fromActivity
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String INPUT_RESULT
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_icon_width
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.ThreadSafeHeap: int _size
androidx.window.R$styleable: int SplitPlaceholderRule_placeholderActivityName
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesEaxKeyFormat: int PARAMS_FIELD_NUMBER
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.EncryptedKeyset: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.EncryptedKeyset DEFAULT_INSTANCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTriggerResourceType: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTriggerResourceType SVG_DOCUMENT
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listMenuViewStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Menu
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: java.lang.String LOG_TAG
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItemSmall
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.URLProtectionSpaceContract$FeedEntry: java.lang.String TABLE_NAME
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int webView
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_16
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int textAllCaps
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int notification_action_icon_size
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_alpha
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int browser_actions_menu_items
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int toolbarStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyCookieManager: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin plugin
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationAction: java.lang.String ALLOW_GENERATED_REPLIES
androidx.window.R$styleable: int SplitPairRule_finishSecondaryWithPrimary
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.DateTimeComponents: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.DateTimeComponents Time
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.PersonDetails: java.lang.Boolean important
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTint
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int fragment_container_view_tag
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.headless_in_app_webview.HeadlessInAppWebView: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin plugin
com.google.android.gms.maps.model.PatternItem: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int autoCompleteTextViewStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$anim: int abc_tooltip_enter
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$layout: int abc_dialog_title_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Util$1: io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel val$channel
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.IconSource: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.IconSource BitmapFilePath
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCtrParams: int IV_SIZE_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InputAwareWebView: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.ThreadedInputConnectionProxyAdapterView proxyAdapterView
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelDetails: java.lang.String SOUND
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerHandler contentBlockerHandler
androidx.window.embedding.SplitInfo: androidx.window.embedding.ActivityStack primaryActivityStack
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_gapBetweenBars
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int contentDescription
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListPopupWindow
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$layout: int support_simple_spinner_dropdown_item
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String CHANNEL_ID
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_radioButtonStyle
com.facebook.appevents.AppEvent: long serialVersionUID
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int contentPanel
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_checked
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesEaxKeyFormat: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesEaxParams params_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int RtlOverlay_DialogWindowTitle_AppCompat
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.ThreadedInputConnectionProxyAdapterView: boolean triggerDelayed
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.CredentialDatabaseHelper: java.lang.String SQL_DELETE_PROTECTION_SPACE_TABLE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int fontVariationSettings
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.RepeatInterval: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.RepeatInterval Hourly
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int textSpacerNoButtons
androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTrackerImpl$windowLayoutInfo$1: android.app.Activity $activity
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int src_in
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler$6: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int compat_notification_large_icon_max_width
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int alertDialogStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: android.webkit.WebChromeClient$CustomViewCallback mCustomViewCallback
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: java.util.Map originToFlutterId
androidx.window.embedding.SplitPairRule: boolean finishSecondaryWithPrimary
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationAction: java.lang.String INPUTS
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_dark
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Boolean disableHorizontalScroll
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_V21_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewRenderProcessClient inAppWebViewRenderProcessClient
androidx.concurrent.futures.AbstractResolvableFuture: java.lang.Object value
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_small_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int switchStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.CredentialDatabaseHelper: java.lang.String SQL_CREATE_PROTECTION_SPACE_TABLE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int colorAccent
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int SearchView_defaultQueryHint
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$10: java.lang.String val$finalScriptToInject
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingCompat: androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingCompat$Companion Companion
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.Time: java.lang.Integer minute
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int initialActivityCount
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.PromisePolyfillJS: java.lang.String PROMISE_POLYFILL_JS_SOURCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$19: int[] $SwitchMap$com$pichillilorenzo$flutter_inappwebview$types$PreferredContentModeOptionType
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$layout: int abc_screen_content_include
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_gradientRadius
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_list_padding_bottom_no_buttons
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String SCHEDULED_NOTIFICATION_REPEAT_FREQUENCY
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int rtl
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int subtitleTextAppearance
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int primary_material_dark
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.RequestPermissionHandler: java.util.Map actionDictionary
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$4: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$4: android.webkit.JsResult val$result
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_17
androidx.window.R$styleable: int SplitPairRule_splitMinSmallestWidth
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCtrHmacAeadKey: int version_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_8
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTriggerResourceType: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTriggerResourceType POPUP
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int switch_thumb_normal_material_dark
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] ListPopupWindow
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat: androidx.window.layout.ExtensionInterfaceCompat$ExtensionCallbackInterface extensionCallback
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_android_windowAnimationStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int textAppearanceSearchResultTitle
kotlin.collections.EmptyList: long serialVersionUID
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelDetails: java.lang.String ID
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String INVALID_LED_DETAILS_ERROR_MESSAGE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_Switch
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$anim: int fragment_fast_out_extra_slow_in
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.headless_in_app_webview.HeadlessInAppWebView: java.lang.String id
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelDetails: java.lang.String id
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack: android.graphics.Matrix finalMatrix
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_V23_Theme_AppCompat
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] MenuGroup
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_orderInCategory
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMarkTintMode
android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.auth.zzeu: com.google.android.gms.internal.auth.zzgz zzc
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.RepeatInterval: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.RepeatInterval Weekly
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int dim_foreground_material_light
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_fontVariationSettings
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat: androidx.window.sidecar.SidecarInterface sidecar
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String LED_COLOR_RED
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Util$WaitFlutterResult: java.lang.String error
com.google.gson.internal.$Gson$Types$GenericArrayTypeImpl: long serialVersionUID
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.JavaScriptBridgeInterface: java.lang.String LOG_TAG
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCtrParams: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCtrParams DEFAULT_INSTANCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_textAppearance
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int action_bar_root
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int edit_query
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int SplitPlaceholderRule_placeholderActivityName
androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend: androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend$Companion Companion
androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend$EmbeddingCallbackImpl: java.util.List lastInfo
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int action_menu_divider
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.Keyset$Key: int status_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerColor
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int notification_right_side_padding_top
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLRequest: java.lang.String method
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: int FULLSCREEN_SYSTEM_UI_VISIBILITY
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String GROUP_ALERT_BEHAVIOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_height_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int GradientColorItem_android_offset
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculator$Companion: kotlin.jvm.functions.Function1 decorator
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.JavaScriptBridgeJS: java.lang.String JAVASCRIPT_BRIDGE_NAME
com.google.firebase.datatransport.TransportRegistrar: java.lang.String LIBRARY_NAME
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.RuntimeTypeAdapterFactory: java.util.Map subtypeToLabel
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int actionOverflowMenuStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int bright_foreground_disabled_material_light
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.WebViewFeatureManager: io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel channel
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int controlBackground
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageChannel: java.lang.String id
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.NavigationAction: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLRequest request
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: android.widget.FrameLayout$LayoutParams FULLSCREEN_LAYOUT_PARAMS
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabBarStyle
androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend: java.util.concurrent.locks.ReentrantLock globalLock
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: int DEFAULT_SLINGSHOT_DISTANCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int notification_action_color_filter
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int fontStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.CredentialDatabaseHandler: io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel channel
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.styles.MessagingStyleInformation: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.PersonDetails person
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationAction: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.IconSource iconSource
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesGcmKeyFormat: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.Parser PARSER
androidx.window.embedding.SplitController: androidx.window.embedding.SplitController globalInstance
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int View_android_focusable
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessagePort: boolean isTransferred
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$layout: int custom_dialog
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Integer mixedContentMode
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int splitMinSmallestWidth
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeyTypeEntry: int keyManagerVersion_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.InterceptFetchRequestJS: java.lang.String INTERCEPT_FETCH_REQUEST_JS_SOURCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_android_windowIsFloating
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.XChaCha20Poly1305KeyFormat: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.Parser PARSER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyCookieManager: io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel channel
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeSplitBackground
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar_Discrete
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: android.webkit.WebSettings$LayoutAlgorithm layoutAlgorithm
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTriggerResourceType: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTriggerResourceType DOCUMENT
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogTheme
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$16: int val$windowId
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_layout
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.internal.GoogleSignInOptionsExtensionParcelable: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler: java.lang.String LOG_TAG
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InputAwareWebView: boolean useHybridComposition
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Util$1$1: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Util$1 this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int button_material_dark
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_icon
androidx.window.java.layout.WindowInfoTrackerCallbackAdapter$addListener$1$1$invokeSuspend$$inlined$collect$1: androidx.core.util.Consumer $consumer$inlined
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCmacKeyFormat: int KEY_SIZE_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.PrintJS: java.lang.String PRINT_JS_PLUGIN_SCRIPT_GROUP_NAME
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Boolean verticalScrollBarEnabled
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesEaxKeyFormat: int keySize_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark_ActionBar
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_buttonIconDimen
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$1: java.lang.String val$url
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_onClick
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesSivKeyFormat: int KEY_SIZE_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$layout: int browser_actions_context_menu_row
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small_Inverse
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsOptions: java.lang.Boolean showTitle
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelDetails: java.lang.String name
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeyData: int keyMaterialType_
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: android.content.res.Resources mResources
android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$string: int abc_activity_chooser_view_see_all
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: int mCircleDiameter
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int windowActionBar
androidx.window.core.Version: androidx.window.core.Version VERSION_0_1
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KmsEnvelopeAeadKeyFormat: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.Parser PARSER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.JavaScriptBridgeJS: java.lang.String UTIL_JS_SOURCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_min_width_major
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Integer scrollBarStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_30
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTrigger: java.util.List ifTopUrl
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_type
androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTrackerImpl: androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTrackerImpl$Companion Companion
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.zav: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLRequest: java.lang.String url
com.google.android.gms.location.LocationRequest: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTrigger: java.util.List loadType
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] ActivityRule
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelGroupDetails: java.lang.String NAME
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_ActionBar
com.google.android.gms.location.LocationResult: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin: io.flutter.plugin.common.PluginRegistry$Registrar registrar
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler: long controlState
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$9: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient this$0
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.HmacParams: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.HmacParams DEFAULT_INSTANCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int action_bar_container
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$6: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_disabled_alpha_material_dark
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$10: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.FlutterWebViewFactory flutterWebViewFactory
kotlinx.coroutines.EventLoopImplBase: int _isCompleted
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KmsEnvelopeAeadKeyFormat: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KmsEnvelopeAeadKeyFormat DEFAULT_INSTANCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActivityChooserView
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int secondaryActivityAction
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.ResizableAtomicArray: java.util.concurrent.atomic.AtomicReferenceArray array
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int textAppearancePopupMenuHeader
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int collapseIcon
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$10: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.ContentWorld val$contentWorld
androidx.window.R$styleable: int ActivityFilter_activityName
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorAccent
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsOptions: java.lang.Boolean keepAliveEnabled
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.headless_in_app_webview.HeadlessInAppWebViewManager: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin plugin
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] Fragment
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.OnWindowBlurEventJS: java.lang.String ON_WINDOW_BLUR_EVENT_JS_PLUGIN_SCRIPT_GROUP_NAME
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: io.flutter.plugin.localization.LocalizationPlugin localizationPlugin
androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend: androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend$EmbeddingCallbackImpl splitInfoEmbeddingCallback
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableTransition_android_drawable
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.styles.BigTextStyleInformation: java.lang.Boolean htmlFormatSummaryText
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.URLProtectionSpaceDao: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.CredentialDatabaseHelper credentialDatabaseHelper
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Boolean useOnDownloadStart
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int iconifiedByDefault
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String TITLE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int button_material_light
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivity: java.lang.String id
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Switch
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetEndWithActions
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_padding_material
com.facebook.FacebookAuthorizationException: long serialVersionUID
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$12: android.view.MenuItem val$menuItem
androidx.window.embedding.SplitInfo: androidx.window.embedding.ActivityStack secondaryActivityStack
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int thickness
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsOptions: java.lang.Boolean instantAppsEnabled
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_borderlessButtonStyle
io.flutter.plugins.GeneratedPluginRegistrant: java.lang.String TAG
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int scrollView
com.google.common.util.concurrent.AbstractFuture: java.lang.Object value
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedHeightMinor
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$layout: int abc_activity_chooser_view
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int colorButtonNormal
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$9: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int menu_search
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String GET_ACTIVE_NOTIFICATION_MESSAGING_STYLE_METHOD
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$12: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView this$0
com.google.gson.JsonParseException: long serialVersionUID
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_DESTROY
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KmsAeadKey: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.Parser PARSER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int drawableTintMode
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.ContextMenuOptions: java.lang.String LOG_TAG
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_imeOptions
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Boolean useOnLoadResource
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_light
androidx.browser.customtabs.CustomTabsServiceConnection: android.content.Context mApplicationContext
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String tag
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int colorControlHighlight
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int splitLayoutDirection
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorPrimary
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeyTemplate: int TYPE_URL_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyleIndicator
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginTop
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int fontProviderFetchTimeout
kotlin.collections.EmptyMap: long serialVersionUID
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$Worker: int workerCtl
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_disabled_alpha_material_light
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int title
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String CANCEL_ALL_METHOD
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String ARE_NOTIFICATIONS_ENABLED_METHOD
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Text
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int viewInflaterClass
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.NavigationActionPolicy: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.NavigationActionPolicy ALLOW
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: int[] mParentOffsetInWindow
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesGcmSivKeyFormat: int VERSION_FIELD_NUMBER
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentManager$LaunchedFragmentInfo: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int thumbTint
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int normal
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_popupWindowStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int title
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCtrKey: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.Parser PARSER
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String ONLY_ALERT_ONCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int titleMarginTop
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int foreground_material_light
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.String fantasyFontFamily
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_height_major
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.PersonDetails: java.lang.Object icon
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String PRIORITY
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_ExpandedMenu_Item
com.google.android.gms.location.LocationSettingsStates: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ActivityRule_alwaysExpand
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_V26_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int Fragment_android_tag
com.google.gson.JsonSyntaxException: long serialVersionUID
androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature$OcclusionType: androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature$OcclusionType FULL
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int thumbTextPadding
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.ConsoleLogJS: java.lang.String CONSOLE_LOG_JS_PLUGIN_SCRIPT_GROUP_NAME
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int contentInsetLeft
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$layout: int abc_action_mode_bar
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int placeholderActivityName
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int browser_actions_bg_grey
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetLeft
android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$CustomAction: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController$1: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$14: int val$y
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesGcmSivKeyFormat: int keySize_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$string: int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_vector_test
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$string: int abc_menu_shift_shortcut_label
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.NotificationStyle: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.NotificationStyle BigPicture
androidx.window.layout.HardwareFoldingFeature: androidx.window.core.Bounds featureBounds
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_share_mtrl_alpha
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.JavaScriptBridgeJS: java.lang.String JAVASCRIPT_BRIDGE_JS_SOURCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerActionType: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerActionType[] $VALUES
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int highlighted_text_material_light
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$6: android.webkit.WebView val$view
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_menu_hardkey_panel_mtrl_mult
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String SHORTCUT_ID
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int actionModeFindDrawable
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_CheckBox
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int splitMinWidth
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int browser_actions_menu_view
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCmacKeyFormat: int keySize_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$3: android.webkit.WebView val$view
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesGcmKeyFormat: int version_
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.XChaCha20Poly1305Key: int VERSION_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$layout: int select_dialog_singlechoice_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_015
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.InterceptFetchRequestJS: java.lang.String INTERCEPT_FETCH_REQUEST_JS_PLUGIN_SCRIPT_GROUP_NAME
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int iconTintMode
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: float mStartingScale
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback$AnimationCallback: io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback this$0
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: float mInitialMotionY
com.google.android.gms.cloudmessaging.CloudMessage: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCtrHmacAeadKey: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCtrHmacAeadKey DEFAULT_INSTANCE
com.google.common.util.concurrent.AbstractFuture$Waiter: com.google.common.util.concurrent.AbstractFuture$Waiter next
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.styles.BigPictureStyleInformation: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.BitmapSource bigPictureBitmapSource
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_spinner_mtrl_am_alpha
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: int CIRCLE_DIAMETER_LARGE
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String INITIALIZE_METHOD
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int actionModeCutDrawable
androidx.window.embedding.SplitRule: int layoutDirection
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int up
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.Boolean playSound
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String DATA_MIME_TYPE
com.google.android.gms.signin.internal.zag: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserOptions: java.lang.String toolbarTopFixedTitle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_material_anim
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.WorkQueue: int producerIndex
androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTracker$Companion: java.lang.String TAG
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String REPEAT_INTERVAL
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.TrustedWebActivity: java.lang.String LOG_TAG
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Boolean allowFileAccess
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startX
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserOptions: java.lang.Boolean hideUrlBar
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$animator: int fragment_fade_exit
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String SHOW_METHOD
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.NavigationActionPolicy: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.NavigationActionPolicy[] $VALUES
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.URLCredentialContract$FeedEntry: java.lang.String COLUMN_NAME_PROTECTION_SPACE_ID
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelDetails: java.lang.String ENABLE_VIBRATION
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingLeft
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int windowFixedWidthMajor
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTextPadding
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeyTypeEntry: int KEY_MANAGER_VERSION_FIELD_NUMBER
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.XChaCha20Poly1305KeyFormat: int version_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int expanded_menu
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_layout
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String payload
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String channelDescription
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.styles.StyleInformation styleInformation
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.BuildConfig: java.lang.String BUILD_TYPE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listChoiceBackgroundIndicator
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String ACTIONS
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int emojiCompatEnabled
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.pull_to_refresh.PullToRefreshOptions: java.lang.Boolean enabled
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.ContentWorld: java.lang.String name
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String HTML_FORMAT_CONTENT_TITLE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ListPopupWindow_android_dropDownVerticalOffset
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int StateListDrawable_android_enterFadeDuration
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_android_button
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_RadioButton
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat_android_variablePadding
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.DownloadStartRequest: java.lang.String contentDisposition
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin: android.webkit.ValueCallback filePathCallback
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyCookieManager: android.webkit.CookieManager cookieManager
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: int ANIMATE_TO_START_DURATION
androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTrackerImpl$windowLayoutInfo$1: androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTrackerImpl this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ActionMode_titleTextStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ActionBar_progressBarStyle
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationAction: java.lang.String ICON_SOURCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int background_material_light
androidx.browser.customtabs.CustomTabsCallback: int NAVIGATION_STARTED
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int allowStacking
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationAction: java.lang.Boolean allowGeneratedReplies
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.ChaCha20Poly1305KeyFormat: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.Parser PARSER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.DownloadStartRequest: java.lang.String userAgent
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelDetails: java.lang.Boolean enableLights
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int seekBarStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int drawableTint
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: int ANIMATE_TO_TRIGGER_DURATION
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: androidx.savedstate.SavedStateRegistryController mSavedStateRegistryController
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_imageButtonStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int btn_radio_off_to_on_mtrl_animation
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.DownloadStartRequest: long contentLength
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$xml: int provider_paths
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_list_divider_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$anim: int abc_fade_in
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewStatic inAppWebViewStatic
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int iconTint
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int Toolbar_logo
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_22
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int MenuItem_showAsAction
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_padding_top_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int displayOptions
kotlinx.coroutines.channels.AbstractSendChannel: java.lang.Object onCloseHandler
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] Capability
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.HmacKey: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.HmacParams params_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ActionMode_subtitleTextStyle
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.Keyset$Key: int KEY_DATA_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startColor
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: android.view.animation.Animation mAnimateToCorrectPosition
androidx.concurrent.futures.AbstractResolvableFuture$Waiter: java.lang.Thread thread
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$2: android.webkit.JsResult val$result
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.HmacKey: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.Parser PARSER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00012
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.PromisePolyfillJS: java.lang.String PROMISE_POLYFILL_JS_PLUGIN_SCRIPT_GROUP_NAME
androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend$SplitListenerWrapper: androidx.core.util.Consumer callback
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ActionBar_subtitleTextStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int actionModeShareDrawable
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$6: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int windowMinWidthMinor
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsOptions: java.lang.Boolean isTrustedWebActivity
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetStartWithNavigation
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title_Inverse
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.HmacKey: int KEY_VALUE_FIELD_NUMBER
androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTracker$Companion: androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTracker$Companion $$INSTANCE
kotlin.jvm.internal.FunctionReference: int flags
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: int newCheckScrollStoppedTask
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.InterceptAjaxRequestJS: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PluginScript INTERCEPT_AJAX_REQUEST_JS_PLUGIN_SCRIPT
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String NAME
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String CHANNEL_NAME
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_TextView_SpinnerItem
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.styles.InboxStyleInformation: java.lang.Boolean htmlFormatContentTitle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Boolean useShouldInterceptFetchRequest
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int spinBars
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle_Inverse
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int SplitPlaceholderRule_splitRatio
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Integer scrollBarFadeDuration
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_textAllCaps
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$string: int abc_menu_delete_shortcut_label
androidx.browser.customtabs.CustomTabsCallback: int NAVIGATION_ABORTED
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_SubmenuArrow
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_MinWidth
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_activityChooserViewStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int autoSizeStepGranularity
kotlin.jvm.internal.CallableReference: kotlin.reflect.KCallable reflected
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$layout: int floating_action_mode
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: android.net.Uri imageOutputFileUri
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_spinBars
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.RootTelemetryConfiguration: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int StateListDrawable_android_visible
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Colored
com.google.i18n.phonenumbers.Phonemetadata$PhoneMetadata: long serialVersionUID
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String KEY
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesGcmKey: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.Parser PARSER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int FragmentContainerView_android_name
io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation: int viewId
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] ViewBackgroundHelper
com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.UninitializedMessageException: long serialVersionUID
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int error_color_material_dark
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.NotificationStyle: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.NotificationStyle Default
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int windowActionModeOverlay
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display3
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: java.lang.String LOG_TAG
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int dialog_button
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationAction: java.lang.String CANCEL_NOTIFICATION
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_orientation
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.MethodInvocation: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerHandler$1: java.util.concurrent.CountDownLatch val$latch
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeyTypeEntry: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeyTypeEntry DEFAULT_INSTANCE
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCmacParams: int TAG_SIZE_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int background_floating_material_light
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelDetails: java.lang.String GROUP_ID
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dividerHorizontal
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_end_material
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: float DRAG_RATE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupWindow
io.flutter.embedding.android.KeyboardMap$1: long serialVersionUID
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dropDownListViewStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetRight
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.WebViewFeatureManager: java.lang.String LOG_TAG
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ActionBroadcastReceiver: java.lang.String KEY_URL_TITLE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Menu
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TitleItem
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Boolean scrollbarFadingEnabled
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$7: int[] $SwitchMap$com$pichillilorenzo$flutter_inappwebview$types$NavigationActionPolicy
com.google.android.gms.location.LocationSettingsRequest: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCtrKey: int PARAMS_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_top_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$anim: int abc_grow_fade_in_from_bottom
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity$2: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler$2: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int tag_accessibility_actions
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_21
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_SearchView
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ActionBar_logo
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int titleTextStyle
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.Keyset: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.Internal$ProtobufList key_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsOptions: java.lang.Boolean noHistory
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ActionBar_navigationMode
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ActionBar_displayOptions
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int Capability_shortcutMatchRequired
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$interpolator: int btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_tooltipForegroundColor
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_track_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLProtectionSpace: java.lang.Long id
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_weightSum
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_lastBaselineToBottomHeight
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.CredentialDatabase: java.lang.String LOG_TAG
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText_Inverse
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int listDividerAlertDialog
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_floating_window_z
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.WebViewFeatureManager webViewFeatureManager
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserManager inAppBrowserManager
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.Long timeoutAfter
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler$3: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler this$0
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesEaxKey: int version_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_alert_dialog_button_dimen
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] SwitchCompat
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$5: android.webkit.JsResult val$result
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCmacKey: int version_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead
androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend$WindowLayoutChangeCallbackWrapper: java.util.concurrent.Executor executor
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KmsEnvelopeAeadKeyFormat: int KEK_URI_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_bg
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_DialogWhenLarge
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView_DropDown
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int tooltip_frame_dark
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$string: int abc_action_menu_overflow_description
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int StateListDrawable_android_variablePadding
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScriptInjectionTime: int value
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.PromisePolyfillJS: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PluginScript PROMISE_POLYFILL_JS_PLUGIN_SCRIPT
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.RegistryConfig: int ENTRY_FIELD_NUMBER
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: boolean loadLibraryCalled
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelGroupDetails: java.lang.String name
androidx.window.layout.DisplayCompatHelperApi17: androidx.window.layout.DisplayCompatHelperApi17 INSTANCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.ThreadedInputConnectionProxyAdapterView: android.view.View rootView
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_material
kotlinx.coroutines.CancellableContinuationImpl: int _decision
androidx.window.R$styleable: int SplitPairRule_splitMinWidth
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int selectableItemBackgroundBorderless
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesEaxKey: int VERSION_FIELD_NUMBER
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KmsEnvelopeAeadKey: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.Parser PARSER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetStartWithNavigation
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabBar
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.HmacParams: int tagSize_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$string: int abc_shareactionprovider_share_with_application
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_dark
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int dividerHorizontal
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserDelegate inAppBrowserDelegate
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat: java.lang.String TAG
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] ActionBar
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: int mSpinnerOffsetEnd
androidx.window.java.layout.WindowInfoTrackerCallbackAdapter$addListener$1$1: int label
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event[] $VALUES
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int none
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int image
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$16: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesGcmSivKeyFormat: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesGcmSivKeyFormat DEFAULT_INSTANCE
com.facebook.FacebookSdkNotInitializedException: long serialVersionUID
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Boolean clearCache
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeysetInfo$KeyInfo: int keyId_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_measureWithLargestChild
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_list_padding_top_no_title
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int androidx_core_secondary_text_default_material_light
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingCompat: boolean DEBUG
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions options
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_height
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.PrintJS: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PluginScript PRINT_JS_PLUGIN_SCRIPT
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesEaxKey: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesEaxKey DEFAULT_INSTANCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu_Overflow
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: io.flutter.plugin.platform.PlatformViewsController platformViewsController
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String CONVERSATION_TITLE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Boolean builtInZoomControls
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat_android_exitFadeDuration
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_baselineAligned
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$string: int abc_toolbar_collapse_description
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionButtonStyle
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.CircleImageView mCircleView
androidx.window.layout.HardwareFoldingFeature$Type: androidx.window.layout.HardwareFoldingFeature$Type HINGE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int search_button
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeysetInfo: int KEY_INFO_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int action_menu_presenter
androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend: androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend$Companion Companion
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$18: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient this$0
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: int deferredInsetTypes
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTrigger: java.lang.Boolean urlFilterIsCaseSensitive
com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.CodedOutputStream$OutOfSpaceException: long serialVersionUID
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$layout: int abc_screen_toolbar
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.DisplayListenerProxy: java.lang.String TAG
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_android_background
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCmacKey: int KEY_VALUE_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int action_go_back
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$anim: int abc_slide_in_bottom
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_windowAnimationStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int activity_chooser_view_content
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int abc_primary_text_material_light
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ActivityChooserView_expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.ChaCha20Poly1305Key: int VERSION_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int textColorAlertDialogListItem
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$12: android.view.ActionMode val$actionMode
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KmsAeadKey: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KmsAeadKeyFormat params_
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelDetails: java.lang.String VIBRATION_PATTERN
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_CompactMenu
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_autoSizePresetSizes
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_dropDownWidth
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin: android.app.Activity activity
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String HTML_FORMAT_SUMMARY_TEXT
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InputAwareWebView$1: android.view.View val$targetView
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ImageButton
androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend: androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingInterfaceCompat embeddingExtension
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_top_mtrl_alpha
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$14: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView this$0
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelDetails: java.lang.String LED_COLOR_ALPHA
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.LockFreeTaskQueue: java.lang.Object _cur
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int fontProviderCerts
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int MenuItem_iconTintMode
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderQuery
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebViewImplementation: int value
androidx.window.R$styleable: int[] SplitPairRule
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_holo_light
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: float MAX_PROGRESS_ANGLE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int AlertDialog_AppCompat_Light
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_drawableLeftCompat
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationAction: java.lang.String CONTEXTUAL
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.HitTestResult: int type
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Switch
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.Keyset$Key: int outputPrefixType_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Subtitle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu_Overflow
androidx.window.core.Version: androidx.window.core.Version CURRENT
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetEnd
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchTextAppearance
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_popupBackground
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int buttonBarButtonStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Boolean javaScriptCanOpenWindowsAutomatically
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$5: android.webkit.WebResourceRequest val$request
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_NoActionBar
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] ColorStateListItem
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ListPopupWindow
androidx.window.embedding.ActivityRule: boolean alwaysExpand
androidx.core.content.FileProvider: java.util.HashMap sCache
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$13: java.lang.String val$itemTitle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_enabled
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesSivKey: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.ByteString keyValue_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.headless_in_app_webview.HeadlessInAppWebView: java.lang.String LOG_TAG
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Integer minimumLogicalFontSize
com.facebook.FacebookOperationCanceledException: long serialVersionUID
androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend: androidx.window.layout.ExtensionInterfaceCompat windowExtension
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyCookieManager$1: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyCookieManager this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$9: android.webkit.JsPromptResult val$result
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.ChaCha20Poly1305KeyFormat: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.ChaCha20Poly1305KeyFormat DEFAULT_INSTANCE
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeyTemplate: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.ByteString value_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int colorPrimary
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int checkMarkTintMode
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String BODY
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Platform_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$1: android.webkit.WebView val$view
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_4_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int tag_on_receive_content_mime_types
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int actionModeCloseContentDescription
androidx.window.layout.ActivityCompatHelperApi24: androidx.window.layout.ActivityCompatHelperApi24 INSTANCE
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: android.util.SparseArray flutterIdToOrigin
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$string: int abc_capital_on
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_Dialog
androidx.window.layout.ExtensionWindowLayoutInfoBackend$MulticastConsumer: android.app.Activity activity
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$8: android.webkit.JsPromptResult val$result
com.facebook.appevents.PersistedEvents: long serialVersionUID
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesEaxParams: int ivSize_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.String fixedFontFamily
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$1: android.webkit.JsResult val$result
androidx.window.layout.SidecarAdapter: java.lang.String TAG
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int titleMarginStart
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.GetServiceRequest: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Integer preferredContentMode
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_list_item_padding_horizontal_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int dim_foreground_disabled_material_dark
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.SoundSource soundSource
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int progress_circular
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$animator: int fragment_close_exit
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.CustomTabsHelper: java.lang.String TAG
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_star_half_black_48dp
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesSivKeyFormat: int keySize_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController: java.util.Set contentWorlds
com.google.android.gms.internal.location.zzg: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.ClientCertChallenge: java.lang.String[] keyTypes
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int RecycleListView_paddingTopNoTitle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.ThreadedInputConnectionProxyAdapterView: android.view.View targetView
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.DownloadStartRequest: java.lang.String suggestedFilename
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] TextAppearance
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ActionBroadcastReceiver: java.lang.String LOG_TAG
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.ContentWorld: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.ContentWorld DEFAULT_CLIENT
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsOptions: java.lang.Integer screenOrientation
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int text2
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int contentInsetStart
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String ZONED_SCHEDULE_METHOD
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_27
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_height_minor
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ActionBroadcastReceiver: java.lang.String CHROME_MANAGER_ID
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatImageView
androidx.window.core.Version: int patch
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel channel
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String BIG_PICTURE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$2: java.lang.String val$host
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.PlatformUtil platformUtil
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController$2: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_control_inset_material
com.google.android.gms.maps.model.PolygonOptions: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Platform_AppCompat
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$4: android.webkit.WebView val$view
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.DisplayListenerProxy$1: android.hardware.display.DisplayManager val$displayManager
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int View_paddingEnd
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$9: android.widget.EditText val$input
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_font
androidx.window.R$styleable: int[] ActivityRule
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] ActionBarLayout
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$OnRefreshListener mListener
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.ServiceWorkerManager$DummyServiceWorkerClientCompat: androidx.webkit.ServiceWorkerClientCompat INSTANCE
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesGcmSivKey: int version_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int titleTextColor
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int actionModeCopyDrawable
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.CredentialDatabaseHelper: java.lang.String SQL_DELETE_CREDENTIAL_TABLE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_button_inset_horizontal_material
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.IconSource: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.IconSource ContentUri
androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend: boolean DEBUG
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_TextView_SpinnerItem
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerAction: boolean $assertionsDisabled
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String CANCEL_TAG
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.DateTimeComponents: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.DateTimeComponents[] $VALUES
androidx.window.R$styleable: int ActivityFilter_activityAction
com.facebook.login.GetTokenLoginMethodHandler: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonTintMode
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSearchResultTitle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$layout: int abc_search_dropdown_item_icons_2line
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.CustomTabsActionButton: int id
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.HmacKeyFormat: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.HmacKeyFormat DEFAULT_INSTANCE
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesGcmKeyFormat: int keySize_
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelDetails: java.lang.Boolean playSound
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int drawableSize
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.PluginScriptsUtil: java.lang.String IS_ACTIVE_ELEMENT_INPUT_EDITABLE_JS_SOURCE
androidx.window.java.layout.WindowInfoTrackerCallbackAdapter$addListener$1$1: androidx.core.util.Consumer $consumer
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserOptions: java.lang.Boolean hideProgressBar
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.BitmapSource: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.BitmapSource ByteArray
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.PluginScriptsUtil: java.lang.String VAR_PLACEHOLDER_VALUE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.CredentialDatabase: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.URLCredentialDao credentialDao
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_textAllCaps
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeysetInfo: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeysetInfo DEFAULT_INSTANCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity: java.lang.String id
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String SHOW_WEEKLY_AT_DAY_AND_TIME_METHOD
kotlin.jvm.internal.CallableReference: java.lang.String signature
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient: java.lang.String LOG_TAG
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCmacKeyFormat: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCmacParams params_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int checkedTextViewStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: java.util.List webMessageListeners
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeyTemplate: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.Parser PARSER
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String GET_ACTIVE_NOTIFICATIONS_ERROR_MESSAGE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$integer: int cancel_button_image_alpha
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_DropDownUp
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String scheduledDateTime
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageListener: java.lang.String id
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$OnChildScrollUpCallback mChildScrollUpCallback
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.FlutterWebView: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler methodCallDelegate
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserOptions: java.lang.Boolean hideTitleBar
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_SearchResult_Subtitle
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.LockFreeLinkedListNode: java.lang.Object _removedRef
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int lStar
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeSafariBrowserManager chromeSafariBrowserManager
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int finishSecondaryWithPrimary
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.XChaCha20Poly1305KeyFormat: int VERSION_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyWebStorage myWebStorage
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String PAYLOAD
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_body_2_material
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.Boolean showWhen
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int buttonIconDimen
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_15
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCmacKeyFormat: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.Parser PARSER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabView
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.String applicationNameForUserAgent
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: int mFrom
io.flutter.view.FlutterCallbackInformation: java.lang.String callbackLibraryPath
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.signin.internal.zai: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
androidx.window.layout.ExtensionsWindowLayoutInfoAdapter: androidx.window.layout.ExtensionsWindowLayoutInfoAdapter INSTANCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int abc_tint_spinner
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int preserveIconSpacing
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Boolean allowContentAccess
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_voice
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_up_container
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_maxWidth
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int fontProviderPackage
androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTrackerImpl: int BUFFER_CAPACITY
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_id
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int splitTrack
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.NotificationStyle: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.NotificationStyle Messaging
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: java.lang.String LOG_TAG
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int dialogPreferredPadding
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String MATCH_DATE_TIME_COMPONENTS
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity: androidx.appcompat.app.ActionBar actionBar
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int backgroundTint
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$string: int action_reload
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String SOUND
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$anim: int btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_ring_outer_animation
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_DayNight
com.google.android.gms.maps.model.MapStyleOptions: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int textAppearanceLargePopupMenu
androidx.window.core.Version$bigInteger$2: androidx.window.core.Version this$0
androidx.window.layout.HardwareFoldingFeature$Type: androidx.window.layout.HardwareFoldingFeature$Type FOLD
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyWebStorage$1: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyWebStorage this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: android.graphics.Point lastTouch
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.CustomTabsMenuItem: java.lang.String label
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$12: android.webkit.JsResult val$result
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity$3: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyleSmall
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.XChaCha20Poly1305KeyFormat: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.XChaCha20Poly1305KeyFormat DEFAULT_INSTANCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchTimeout
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String DELETE_NOTIFICATION_CHANNEL_GROUP_METHOD
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.DisplayListenerProxy: java.util.ArrayList listenersBeforeWebView
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$3: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int Toolbar_navigationIcon
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchHintIcon
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String METHOD_CHANNEL
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: int mMediumAnimationDuration
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$string: int action_close
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String CREATE_NOTIFICATION_CHANNEL_METHOD
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_width_major
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ServiceConnection: java.lang.ref.WeakReference mConnectionCallback
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerActionType: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerActionType CSS_DISPLAY_NONE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_checkedTextViewStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int toolbarNavigationButtonStyle
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.LimitedDispatcher: int runningWorkers
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int actionBarSplitStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivity: java.lang.String initialUrl
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.DownloadStartRequest: java.lang.String textEncodingName
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat: java.util.Map windowListenerRegisteredContexts
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int listChoiceIndicatorSingleAnimated
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_ANY
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin: io.flutter.embedding.engine.plugins.FlutterPlugin$FlutterAssets flutterAssets
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] StateListDrawableItem
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_btn_colored_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_off_mtrl_alpha
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Util$1: java.util.Map val$flutterResultMap
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.Boolean enableLights
com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.AbstractMessageLite: int memoizedHashCode
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ActivityFilter_activityAction
kotlinx.coroutines.EventLoopImplBase: java.lang.Object _queue
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.CustomTabActivityHelper: androidx.browser.customtabs.CustomTabsCallback mCustomTabsCallback
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ButtonBarLayout_allowStacking
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.styles.BigPictureStyleInformation: java.lang.Object largeIcon
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int ltr
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_light
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int MenuItem_contentDescription
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] View
androidx.window.R$attr: int clearTop
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingLeft
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int primary_text_disabled_material_dark
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat: androidx.window.layout.SidecarAdapter sidecarAdapter
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_V23_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_NoActionBar
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.PersonDetails: java.lang.String name
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivity$1: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivity val$chromeCustomTabsActivity
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_26
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeSafariBrowserManager: java.lang.String LOG_TAG
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int action_mode_bar_stub
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingEnd
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Boolean geolocationEnabled
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int dim_foreground_disabled_material_light
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Tooltip
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_title_material_toolbar
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_primary_mtrl_alpha
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesGcmSivKey: int VERSION_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogCenterButtons
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewRenderProcessClient$1: androidx.webkit.WebViewRenderProcess val$renderer
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_size_as_large
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int action_go_forward
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageChannel$2: java.lang.Integer val$index
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$7: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_ic_voice_search_api_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int switch_thumb_material_light
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.RepeatInterval repeatInterval
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_copy_mtrl_am_alpha
androidx.window.R$attr: int splitMinSmallestWidth
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_switchStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int add
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$layout: int browser_actions_context_menu_page
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int fontProviderFetchStrategy
kotlinx.coroutines.android.HandlerContext: kotlinx.coroutines.android.HandlerContext _immediate
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int CheckedTextView_checkMarkCompat
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String REPEAT_TIME
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int isLightTheme
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationAction: java.lang.String SHOWS_USER_INTERFACE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int windowNoTitle
kotlin.jvm.internal.FunctionReference: int arity
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textFontWeight
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int panelMenuListTheme
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int ttcIndex
com.google.firebase.messaging.RemoteMessage: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$5: int val$threatType
androidx.browser.customtabs.CustomTabsCallback: int TAB_HIDDEN
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int Toolbar_maxButtonHeight
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: java.lang.String observatoryUri
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: boolean isLoading
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int actions
androidx.window.core.Version: kotlin.Lazy bigInteger$delegate
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: int FULLSCREEN_SYSTEM_UI_VISIBILITY_KITKAT
kotlin.jvm.internal.CallableReference: java.lang.Class owner
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int tag_accessibility_pane_title
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin plugin
com.google.android.gms.internal.auth.zzeu: java.util.Map zzb
io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation: android.view.View$OnFocusChangeListener focusChangeListener
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebViewImplementation: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebViewImplementation[] $VALUES
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActivityChooserView
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int PopupWindowBackgroundState_state_above_anchor
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int highlighted_text_material_dark
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] GradientColor
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsOptions: java.util.List additionalTrustedOrigins
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int compat_button_inset_horizontal_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyWebStorage$2: io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result val$result
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Small
io.flutter.plugin.platform.PlatformViewFactory: io.flutter.plugin.common.MessageCodec createArgsCodec
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.NavigationAction: boolean hasGesture
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeysetInfo$KeyInfo: int OUTPUT_PREFIX_TYPE_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Indicator
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int drawableTopCompat
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionMode
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] RecycleListView
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.PluginScriptsUtil: java.lang.String VAR_RESULT_UUID
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String shortcutId
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int tag_screen_reader_focusable
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_controlBackground
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.ServiceWorkerManager: io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel channel
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.Integer progress
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageChannel: java.lang.String LOG_TAG
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.util.Map rendererPriorityPolicy
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int tag_state_description
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.headless_in_app_webview.HeadlessInAppWebViewManager: java.util.Map webViews
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontVariationSettings
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.styles.InboxStyleInformation: java.lang.Boolean htmlFormatLines
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int btn_radio_on_mtrl
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController: java.lang.String LOG_TAG
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int backgroundTintMode
com.google.android.gms.auth.TokenData: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_DarkActionBar
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int SplitPairRule_finishPrimaryWithSecondary
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivity: java.lang.String LOG_TAG
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int imageButtonStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyWebStorage$2: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyWebStorage this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int icon
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_android_thumb
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorButtonNormal
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$1: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient this$0
com.facebook.login.LoginClient$Result: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesEaxKey: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesEaxParams params_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int selectableItemBackground
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.ConsoleLogJS: java.lang.String CONSOLE_LOG_JS_SOURCE
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCtrHmacAeadKey: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.Parser PARSER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$2: java.lang.String val$finalProtocol
androidx.window.R$styleable: int ActivityRule_alwaysExpand
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$Worker: java.lang.Object nextParkedWorker
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$string: int abc_menu_space_shortcut_label
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_height
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.ChaCha20Poly1305Key: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.ByteString keyValue_
androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend$EmbeddingCallbackImpl: androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItemSmall
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_gravity
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.PluginScriptsUtil: java.lang.String VAR_FUNCTION_ARGUMENT_VALUES
androidx.window.R$id: int rtl
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_DialogWindowTitle_AppCompat
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesEaxKey: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.Parser PARSER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler$6: io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result val$result
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.ContextMenuOptions: java.lang.Boolean hideDefaultSystemContextMenuItems
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.XChaCha20Poly1305Key: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.XChaCha20Poly1305Key DEFAULT_INSTANCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerY
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$layout: int notification_template_icon_group
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$anim: int abc_shrink_fade_out_from_bottom
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int titleMarginBottom
androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTrackerImpl: androidx.window.layout.WindowBackend windowBackend
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Inverse
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: int windowAutoincrementId
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int abc_color_highlight_material
androidx.window.embedding.ActivityStack: java.util.List activities
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] ActionMode
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: boolean animating
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int chronometer
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.HmacKey: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.ByteString keyValue_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int abc_btn_colored_text_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorBackgroundFloating
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int trackTint
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_25
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title_Inverse
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String SHOW_WHEN
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_light
com.google.android.gms.signin.internal.zak: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: int CIRCLE_DIAMETER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionProviderClass
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton_Overflow
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String GROUP_KEY
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.CustomTabActivityHelper: androidx.browser.customtabs.CustomTabsServiceConnection mConnection
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int abc_btn_colored_borderless_text_material
androidx.browser.customtabs.CustomTabsCallback: java.lang.String ONLINE_EXTRAS_KEY
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivity: java.util.List menuItems
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScript: java.lang.String groupName
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.Keyset$Key: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.Parser PARSER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarWidgetTheme
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int material_deep_teal_200
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int logo
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.CustomTabActivityHelper: androidx.browser.customtabs.CustomTabsSession mCustomTabsSession
androidx.window.R$attr: int secondaryActivityAction
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$anim: int btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_dot_group_animation
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterSplashView$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int SplitPlaceholderRule_splitMinWidth
com.google.android.gms.internal.auth.zzet: com.google.android.gms.internal.auth.zzep zzb
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int search_bar
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.DisplayListenerProxy$1: java.util.ArrayList val$webViewListeners
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController userContentController
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_Tooltip
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int Toolbar_buttonGravity
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int color
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ActionBar_backgroundSplit
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_android_popupAnimationStyle
androidx.window.core.Version: java.lang.String VERSION_PATTERN_STRING
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$bool: int abc_action_bar_embed_tabs
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int tooltip_background_light
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dividerVertical
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_Dialog
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLProtectionSpace: android.net.http.SslError sslError
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.CustomTabsMenuItem: int id
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCmacParams: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCmacParams DEFAULT_INSTANCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int notification_right_icon_size
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity: java.lang.Integer windowId
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.ChaCha20Poly1305Key: int KEY_VALUE_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int editTextBackground
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModePopupWindowStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_checkableBehavior
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int androidx_window_activity_scope
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int action_share
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesGcmSivKey: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesGcmSivKey DEFAULT_INSTANCE
android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ResultReceiverWrapper: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend$WindowLayoutChangeCallbackWrapper: androidx.core.util.Consumer callback
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar_Horizontal
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyWebStorage: android.webkit.WebStorage webStorageManager
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesSivKey: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.Parser PARSER
androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature$OcclusionType: androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature$OcclusionType$Companion Companion
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.RegistryConfig: java.lang.String configName_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$7: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_selectableItemBackground
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController: java.lang.String CONTENT_WORLD_WRAPPER_JS_SOURCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$layout: int abc_popup_menu_item_layout
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String INVALID_BIG_PICTURE_ERROR_CODE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$animator: int fragment_open_enter
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int trackTintMode
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Util$1: java.lang.String val$method
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Boolean supportMultipleWindows
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int RtlUnderlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.CredentialDatabaseHelper: java.lang.String SQL_CREATE_CREDENTIAL_TABLE
androidx.window.layout.ExtensionWindowLayoutInfoBackend$MulticastConsumer: java.util.concurrent.locks.ReentrantLock multicastConsumerLock
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$string: int search_menu_title
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessagePort: boolean isClosed
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int spinnerDropDownItemStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startY
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelDetails: java.lang.String PLAY_SOUND
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.styles.BigPictureStyleInformation: java.lang.Boolean htmlFormatContentTitle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$layout: int notification_template_part_time
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$1: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView val$webView
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$anim: int btn_checkbox_to_checked_box_outer_merged_animation
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid_Inverse
androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature$Orientation: java.lang.String description
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$interpolator: int btn_checkbox_checked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_color
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_3
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ActionBar_titleTextStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_arrowHeadLength
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_btn_default_mtrl_shape
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$xml: int image_share_filepaths
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int actionBarTabStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_content_inset_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_description
androidx.window.embedding.SplitPairRule: boolean clearTop
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$1: java.lang.String val$message
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.String userAgent
androidx.window.R$styleable: int SplitPairFilter_secondaryActivityName
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_light
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InputAwareWebView: android.view.View containerView
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu_Overflow
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$17: java.lang.String val$origin
com.google.android.gms.internal.location.zzd: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int buttonStyleSmall
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: java.lang.Integer windowId
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int submitBackground
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewRenderProcessClient$1: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewRenderProcessClient this$0
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.ScheduledNotificationRepeatFrequency: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.ScheduledNotificationRepeatFrequency Daily
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KmsEnvelopeAeadKey: int version_
kotlinx.coroutines.JobSupport: java.lang.Object _parentHandle
kotlinx.coroutines.CancellableContinuationImpl: java.lang.Object _state
androidx.window.embedding.ActivityRule: java.util.Set filters
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int error_color_material_light
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesGcmSivKeyFormat: int version_
androidx.window.embedding.SplitInfo: float splitRatio
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int windowMinWidthMajor
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_button_padding_vertical_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large_Inverse
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad_large_text
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.String verticalScrollbarTrackColor
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Integer initialScale
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int homeAsUpIndicator
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_padding_end_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int SplitPairRule_clearTop
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int SearchView_voiceIcon
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesGcmKeyFormat: int VERSION_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_28
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Integer verticalScrollbarPosition
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_DarkActionBar
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int shortcut
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int abc_tint_seek_thumb
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarSize
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int accent_material_light
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionMode
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_caption_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int drawableRightCompat
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.IconSource: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.IconSource DrawableResource
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Boolean disableDefaultErrorPage
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int icon_group
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyCookieManager$3: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyCookieManager this$0
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelDetails: java.lang.String NAME
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Boolean incognito
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_title_material
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: androidx.lifecycle.ViewModelStore mViewModelStore
androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTrackerImpl$windowLayoutInfo$1: java.lang.Object L$2
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title_Inverse
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int StateListDrawable_android_dither
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int bright_foreground_inverse_material_light
androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature$State: androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature$State HALF_OPENED
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.JavaScriptBridgeJS: java.lang.String PLATFORM_READY_JS_SOURCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScript: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScriptInjectionTime injectionTime
com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.GeneratedMessageLite: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.UnknownFieldSetLite unknownFields
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int InAppWebViewTheme
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int tag_on_apply_window_listener
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] ViewStubCompat
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int titleMargin
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Boolean javaScriptEnabled
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String GROUP_CONVERSATION
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String ICON_SOURCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageChannel: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface webView
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$Worker: int indexInArray
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String GET_NOTIFICATION_APP_LAUNCH_DETAILS_METHOD
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.CustomTabsActionButton: boolean shouldTint
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesSivKey: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesSivKey DEFAULT_INSTANCE
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.EncryptedKeyset: int ENCRYPTED_KEYSET_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int browser_actions_context_menu_min_padding
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_backgroundTintMode
androidx.window.core.Version: java.lang.String description
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$layout: int abc_search_view
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesSivKey: int VERSION_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_1_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_material
androidx.window.embedding.SplitController: java.util.Set staticSplitRules
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.FlutterWebView: io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel channel
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesGcmKey: int VERSION_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_subtitle_bottom_margin_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int actionBarStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$5: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.JavaScriptBridgeInterface$2: java.util.Map val$obj
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int notification_icon_background
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler$4: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderCerts
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCmacKey: int PARAMS_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin: io.flutter.view.FlutterView flutterView
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int searchHintIcon
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int topPanel
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int SearchView_commitIcon
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$layout: int notification_template_custom_big
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.PluginScriptsUtil: java.lang.String VAR_JSON_SOURCE_ENCODED
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int listChoiceBackgroundIndicator
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.Size2D: boolean $assertionsDisabled
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivity: androidx.browser.customtabs.CustomTabsIntent$Builder builder
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int notification_bg
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int accent_material_dark
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.OnLoadResourceJS: java.lang.String FLAG_VARIABLE_FOR_ON_LOAD_RESOURCE_JS_SOURCE
androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend: java.util.concurrent.CopyOnWriteArraySet splitRules
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_menuCategory
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int windowActionBarOverlay
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageListener$1: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageListener this$0
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat$DistinctSidecarElementCallback: java.util.WeakHashMap mActivityWindowLayoutInfo
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] PopupWindow
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int searchViewStyle
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String LED_ON_MS
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeyTemplate: int OUTPUT_PREFIX_TYPE_FIELD_NUMBER
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.HmacParams: int hash_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_width_minor
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionBar
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMargin
androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend: java.util.concurrent.locks.ReentrantLock globalLock
com.google.android.gms.maps.model.StrokeStyle: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_search_view_preferred_height
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int view_tree_view_model_store_owner
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String HTML_FORMAT_BIG_TEXT
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String ACTION_ID
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesGcmSivKeyFormat: int KEY_SIZE_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.URLProtectionSpaceDao: java.lang.String[] projection
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: androidx.core.view.NestedScrollingChildHelper mNestedScrollingChildHelper
com.facebook.appevents.PersistedEvents$SerializationProxyV1: long serialVersionUID
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int track
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_numericShortcut
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCtrHmacAeadKey: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCtrKey aesCtrKey_
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KmsAeadKeyFormat: java.lang.String keyUri_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserManager: java.lang.String id
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: boolean prefetchDefaultFontManagerCalled
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCmacParams: int tagSize_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel channel
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int notification_main_column
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int search_go_btn
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int decor_content_parent
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.String sansSerifFontFamily
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlHighlight
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorError
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int SplitPairRule_splitRatio
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int notification_main_column_padding_top
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int lastBaselineToBottomHeight
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int menu
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.styles.BigTextStyleInformation: java.lang.Boolean htmlFormatBigText
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.PersonDetails: java.lang.String uri
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.Long when
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculatorCompat: androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculatorCompat INSTANCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$layout: int abc_cascading_menu_item_layout
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.Keyset: int KEY_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int SplitPairFilter_secondaryActivityAction
io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation: android.content.Context outerContext
com.facebook.AuthenticationTokenClaims: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_indicator_material
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebMessagePayloadBoundaryInterface$WebMessagePayloadType: int TYPE_ARRAY_BUFFER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int dropDownListViewStyle
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: java.lang.String TAG
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_visible
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int showDividers
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView_Menu
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_DropDownItem_Spinner
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_tint
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String STYLE_INFORMATION
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] MenuView
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String channelName
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.Keyset$Key: int keyId_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_buttonPanelSideLayout
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler: long parkedWorkersStack
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCtrKey: int version_
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String TIME_ZONE_NAME
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsOptions: java.lang.Boolean addDefaultShareMenuItem
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int Fragment_android_name
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_divider
android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompat: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetEnd
androidx.core.content.FileProvider: java.lang.String TAG_EXTERNAL
com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.GeneratedMessageLite: java.util.Map defaultInstanceMap
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.URLProtectionSpaceContract$FeedEntry: java.lang.String COLUMN_NAME_PORT
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int background
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int tickMark
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int Capability_queryPatterns
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.CustomTabsHelper: java.lang.String DEV_PACKAGE
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: float mInitialDownY
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Boolean displayZoomControls
androidx.concurrent.futures.AbstractResolvableFuture: androidx.concurrent.futures.AbstractResolvableFuture$Listener listeners
androidx.window.R$attr: int splitLayoutDirection
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontVariationSettings
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_enabled
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerHandler$2: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView val$webView
io.flutter.view.FlutterCallbackInformation: java.lang.String callbackClassName
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int tickMarkTintMode
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeysetInfo: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.Internal$ProtobufList keyInfo_
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeyTypeEntry: boolean newKeyAllowed_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: java.lang.Runnable checkContextMenuShouldBeClosedTask
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitleTextAppearance
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.IconSource: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.IconSource ByteArray
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderSystemFontFamily
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController: java.lang.String USER_SCRIPTS_AT_DOCUMENT_END_WRAPPER_JS_SOURCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int alertTitle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int abc_secondary_text_material_light
androidx.window.R$styleable: int[] SplitPlaceholderRule
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Caption
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$anim: int abc_fade_out
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_10
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesSivKeyFormat: int VERSION_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_background_padding
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int bright_foreground_material_dark
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int text
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int backgroundStacked
kotlinx.coroutines.android.HandlerDispatcherKt: android.view.Choreographer choreographer
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int tooltip_frame_light
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Boolean saveFormData
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat$FirstAttachAdapter: java.lang.ref.WeakReference activityWeakReference
com.google.android.gms.maps.model.LatLngBounds: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title_Inverse
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.WorkQueue: int consumerIndex
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCtrKey: int KEY_VALUE_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler$1: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$interpolator: int btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int multiply
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ActionMenuItemView_android_minWidth
androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend$WindowLayoutChangeCallbackWrapper: android.app.Activity activity
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$8: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int tooltip_corner_radius
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String SCHEDULE_METHOD
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationAction: java.lang.Boolean cancelNotification
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: android.view.View mCustomView
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int progressBarPadding
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLProtectionSpace: java.lang.String realm
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: java.lang.String fileProviderAuthorityExtension
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String DELETE_NOTIFICATION_CHANNEL_METHOD
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.ServiceWorkerManager: java.lang.String LOG_TAG
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int notification_icon_bg_color
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int tag_transition_group
androidx.core.content.FileProvider: java.lang.String DISPLAYNAME_FIELD
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_textLocale
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableRight
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesEaxParams: int IV_SIZE_FIELD_NUMBER
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationAction: java.lang.String ID
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_arrowShaftLength
androidx.window.embedding.SplitController: androidx.window.embedding.SplitController$Companion Companion
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_paste_mtrl_am_alpha
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int actionDropDownStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endY
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_prompt
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String DRAWABLE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int foreground_material_dark
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.Boolean autoCancel
com.facebook.FacebookDialogException: long serialVersionUID
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.InterceptFetchRequestJS: java.lang.String FLAG_VARIABLE_FOR_SHOULD_INTERCEPT_FETCH_REQUEST_JS_SOURCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int tag_accessibility_heading
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.OnWindowFocusEventJS: java.lang.String ON_WINDOW_FOCUS_EVENT_JS_SOURCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_cut_mtrl_alpha
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_015
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_content_inset_with_nav
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarButtonStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerHandler: java.lang.String LOG_TAG
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.Boolean indeterminate
com.google.android.gms.cloudmessaging.zzd: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_TextView
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItem
kotlin.collections.EmptySet: long serialVersionUID
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.AtomicOp: java.lang.Object _consensus
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Icon2
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder$ReflectionAccessors reflectionAccessors
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int tag_on_receive_content_listener
androidx.window.java.layout.WindowInfoTrackerCallbackAdapter: java.util.concurrent.locks.ReentrantLock lock
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontWeight
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItemSecondary
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: androidx.core.view.MenuHostHelper mMenuHostHelper
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KmsAeadKeyFormat: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.Parser PARSER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int hint_pressed_alpha_material_dark
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InputAwareWebView$1: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InputAwareWebView this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int height
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ActionMode_background
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_DarkActionBar
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.pull_to_refresh.PullToRefreshLayout: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.pull_to_refresh.PullToRefreshOptions options
com.google.common.util.concurrent.AbstractFuture$Waiter: java.lang.Thread thread
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_toolbarStyle
com.facebook.FacebookException: long serialVersionUID
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_InternalGroup
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_headline_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeShareDrawable
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int logoDescription
androidx.window.layout.DisplayCompatHelperApi28: androidx.window.layout.DisplayCompatHelperApi28 INSTANCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int View_paddingStart
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.Boolean colorized
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$2: android.webkit.HttpAuthHandler val$handler
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Time
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: androidx.activity.OnBackPressedDispatcher mOnBackPressedDispatcher
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_tileMode
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebSettingsBoundaryInterface$ForceDarkBehavior: int MEDIA_QUERY_ONLY
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.OnLoadResourceJS: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PluginScript ON_LOAD_RESOURCE_JS_PLUGIN_SCRIPT
androidx.window.R$attr: int splitMinWidth
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCtrKeyFormat: int KEY_SIZE_FIELD_NUMBER
androidx.window.R$attr: int alwaysExpand
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTheme
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$9: java.lang.String val$flagVariable
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScript: boolean $assertionsDisabled
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: boolean permissionRequestInProgress
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionModeOverlay
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarPopupTheme
kotlinx.coroutines.EventLoopImplBase: java.lang.Object _delayed
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$interpolator: int btn_checkbox_unchecked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_1
androidx.window.R$styleable: int SplitPairRule_splitRatio
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: android.view.animation.Animation mAlphaStartAnimation
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int arrowHeadLength
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_autoSizeStepGranularity
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.Boolean allowWhileIdle
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.BitmapSource largeIconBitmapSource
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$anim: int btn_checkbox_to_checked_icon_null_animation
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int CheckedTextView_checkMarkTint
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Query
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ActivityChooserView_initialActivityCount
com.facebook.GraphRequest$ParcelableResourceWithMimeType: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_drawableTint
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseButtonStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Header
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$anim: int abc_popup_enter
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String ENABLE_VIBRATION
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.Time: java.lang.String SECOND
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String BIG_TEXT
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$14: int val$x
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_material
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KmsEnvelopeAeadKey: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KmsEnvelopeAeadKey DEFAULT_INSTANCE
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.XChaCha20Poly1305Key: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.Parser PARSER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlocker: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTrigger trigger
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$layout: int activity_web_view
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyCookieManager$2: io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result val$result
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int measureWithLargestChild
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int titleMarginEnd
com.google.gson.internal.$Gson$Types$WildcardTypeImpl: long serialVersionUID
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.pull_to_refresh.PullToRefreshOptions: java.lang.String LOG_TAG
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCtrHmacAeadKey: int HMAC_KEY_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int AlertDialog_AppCompat
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_button_inset_vertical_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$anim: int btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_ring_outer_path_animation
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.String horizontalScrollbarThumbColor
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_title
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_000
androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTrackerImpl$windowLayoutInfo$1: java.lang.Object L$0
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String INVALID_ICON_ERROR_CODE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Title
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_inputType
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageChannel: java.util.List compatPorts
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: java.util.Map windowWebViewMessages
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$layout: int floating_action_mode_item
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int material_grey_600
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String DEFAULT_ICON
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int custom
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int actionBarSize
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.FlutterWebView: java.lang.String LOG_TAG
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTintMode
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int btn_checkbox_unchecked_mtrl
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Util$1: java.util.concurrent.CountDownLatch val$latch
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.HmacKeyFormat: int keySize_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_selectall_mtrl_alpha
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int actionBarTheme
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String INVALID_LED_DETAILS_ERROR_CODE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$layout: int abc_expanded_menu_layout
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int tooltip_background_dark
io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.FlutterFirebasePluginRegistry: java.util.Map registeredPlugins
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$anim: int btn_checkbox_to_checked_box_inner_merged_animation
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorPrimaryDark
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Info
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_tintMode
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textColorSearchUrl
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_autoSizeMinTextSize
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_switch_thumb_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginStart
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Colored
kotlin.coroutines.jvm.internal.ContinuationImpl: kotlin.coroutines.CoroutineContext _context
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.Boolean onlyAlertOnce
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_width
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: int SCALE_DOWN_DURATION
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_splitTrack
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.NotificationStyle: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.NotificationStyle[] $VALUES
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int SearchView_suggestionRowLayout
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_switch_padding
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCopyDrawable
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListPopupWindow
android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaItem: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.styles.BigTextStyleInformation: java.lang.String contentTitle
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.HmacKeyFormat: int VERSION_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTextHelper
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabBar
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String INVALID_SOUND_ERROR_CODE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$string: int abc_action_bar_up_description
androidx.window.R$styleable: int SplitPairFilter_secondaryActivityAction
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebMessagePayloadBoundaryInterface$WebMessagePayloadType: int TYPE_STRING
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionLayout
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Subtitle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_ic_ab_back_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient inAppWebViewChromeClient
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$string: int abc_search_hint
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesEaxParams: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.Parser PARSER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_activated_mtrl_alpha
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: io.flutter.embedding.engine.deferredcomponents.DeferredComponentManager deferredComponentManager
com.google.common.util.concurrent.AbstractFuture: com.google.common.util.concurrent.AbstractFuture$Listener listeners
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KmsEnvelopeAeadKey: int VERSION_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItem
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: boolean mDispatchingOnMultiWindowModeChanged
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingRight
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: int[] additionalFlags
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidExceptionPreHandler: java.lang.Object _preHandler
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_DropDownItem
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ActionMode_height
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingStart
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String COLORIZED
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_V22_Theme_AppCompat_Light
androidx.window.layout.WindowLayoutInfo: java.util.List displayFeatures
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.Integer visibility
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessagePort$3: android.webkit.ValueCallback val$callback
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String NOTIFICATION_LAUNCHED_APP
kotlinx.coroutines.channels.ArrayChannel: int size
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.CredentialDatabase: int DATABASE_VERSION
androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature$Orientation: androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature$Orientation HORIZONTAL
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Small
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_firstBaselineToTopHeight
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int material_blue_grey_800
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseContentDescription
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.ScheduledNotificationRepeatFrequency scheduledNotificationRepeatFrequency
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCtrKey: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCtrParams params_
com.facebook.login.KatanaProxyLoginMethodHandler: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String TAG
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int drawableEndCompat
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int SplitPairRule_finishSecondaryWithPrimary
com.google.gson.JsonIOException: long serialVersionUID
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeyTemplate: java.lang.String typeUrl_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.JavaScriptBridgeInterface: io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel channel
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.pull_to_refresh.PullToRefreshLayout: java.lang.String LOG_TAG
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Caption
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_track_mtrl_alpha
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: int mCircleViewIndex
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int progressBar
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int StateListDrawableItem_android_drawable
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesEaxKeyFormat: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesEaxKeyFormat DEFAULT_INSTANCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_viewInflaterClass
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.JavaScriptBridgeJS: java.lang.String JAVASCRIPT_BRIDGE_JS_PLUGIN_SCRIPT_GROUP_NAME
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessagePort: java.lang.String name
okio.ByteString: long serialVersionUID
androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend: androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend globalInstance
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_corner_radius_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int actionModeCloseButtonStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int parentPanel
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeightLarge
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle_Inverse
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int titleTextAppearance
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_thumb
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int collapseContentDescription
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$string: int abc_menu_alt_shortcut_label
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogTheme
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: float mTotalUnconsumed
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCtrKeyFormat: int keySize_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivity: boolean onChromeSafariBrowserOpened
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int font
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int actionProviderClass
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.RegistryConfig: int CONFIG_NAME_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ActionMode_closeItemLayout
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Inverse
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_horizontalDivider
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.styles.InboxStyleInformation: java.lang.String contentTitle
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: int overlayInsetTypes
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.Integer groupAlertBehavior
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$layout: int abc_action_menu_layout
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebSettingsBoundaryInterface$WebAuthnSupport: int APP
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int AppTheme
kotlinx.coroutines.JobSupport: java.lang.Object _state
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int unchecked
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.CustomTabsHelper: java.lang.String EXTRA_CUSTOM_TABS_KEEP_ALIVE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ActionBar_homeLayout
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.IconSource: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.IconSource FlutterBitmapAsset
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int goIcon
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Borderless_Colored
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ImageButton
com.facebook.AccessToken: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$integer: int abc_config_activityShortDur
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.NotificationStyle: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.NotificationStyle Inbox
kotlinx.coroutines.CancelledContinuation: int _resumed
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelGroupDetails: java.lang.String ID
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.DateTimeComponents: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.DateTimeComponents DayOfWeekAndTime
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.PluginScriptsUtil: java.lang.String VAR_CONTENT_WORLD_NAME
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTriggerResourceType: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTriggerResourceType STYLE_SHEET
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Boolean loadsImagesAutomatically
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int popupMenuStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int subtitleTextStyle
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesEaxKey: int PARAMS_FIELD_NUMBER
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.ChaCha20Poly1305Key: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.Parser PARSER
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String timeZoneName
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesSivKeyFormat: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.Parser PARSER
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.HmacKeyFormat: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.HmacParams params_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTrigger: java.util.List unlessTopUrl
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.HmacKeyFormat: int PARAMS_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_TextView
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listChoiceIndicatorSingleAnimated
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_autoSizeTextType
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCtrHmacAeadKeyFormat: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.HmacKeyFormat hmacKeyFormat_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_android_textAppearance
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$layout: int notification_template_part_chronometer
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int notification_tile_bg
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_baselineAlignedChildIndex
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTriggerResourceType: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTriggerResourceType MEDIA
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_small_material
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.Boolean ongoing
kotlin.jvm.internal.CallableReference: java.lang.Object receiver
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageListener: androidx.webkit.WebViewCompat$WebMessageListener listener
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_large_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserManager: java.util.Map shared
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationAction: java.lang.String title
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText_Inverse
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int actionMenuTextAppearance
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelMenuListWidth
androidx.core.content.FileProvider: java.lang.String ATTR_NAME
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_2_material
androidx.window.embedding.SplitPairFilter: android.content.ComponentName primaryActivityName
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small_Inverse
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.NotificationStyle style
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String PAYLOAD
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.JavaScriptBridgeInterface$1: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.JavaScriptBridgeInterface this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar_Horizontal
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_star_small
com.google.android.gms.maps.model.LatLng: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.MessageDetails: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.PersonDetails person
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String VISIBILITY
androidx.window.R$styleable: int SplitPlaceholderRule_splitMinWidth
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsOptions: java.lang.Integer shareState
androidx.activity.result.IntentSenderRequest: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int swipeRefreshLayoutProgressSpinnerBackgroundColor
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetRight
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_list_pressed_holo_dark
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String COLOR_ALPHA
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String LARGE_ICON_BITMAP_SOURCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$8: java.util.Map val$screenshotConfiguration
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesGcmSivKey: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.ByteString keyValue_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScript: java.lang.String source
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionContainer
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String URI
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingTranslatingCallback: androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingInterfaceCompat$EmbeddingCallbackInterface callback
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ActionMode_backgroundSplit
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.Keyset: int primaryKeyId_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int browser_actions_header_text
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.SurfaceTextureWrapper: java.lang.Runnable onFrameConsumed
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int container
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int contentInsetEnd
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_dividerPadding
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetEndWithActions
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int paddingBottomNoButtons
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int SwipeRefreshLayout_swipeRefreshLayoutProgressSpinnerBackgroundColor
androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTrackerImpl$windowLayoutInfo$1: java.lang.Object L$1
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int material_grey_850
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.LockFreeLinkedListNode: java.lang.Object _next
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int checkMarkCompat
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.CredentialDatabaseHandler credentialDatabaseHandler
androidx.window.java.layout.WindowInfoTrackerCallbackAdapter: androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTracker tracker
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeyData: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.ByteString value_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$layout: int abc_tooltip
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonStyleSmall
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.SignInAccount: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.pull_to_refresh.PullToRefreshLayout$2: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.pull_to_refresh.PullToRefreshLayout val$self
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int compat_control_corner_material
com.google.android.gms.maps.model.Cap: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_PAUSE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserOptions: java.lang.Boolean hideToolbarTop
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.FlutterWebView: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.pull_to_refresh.PullToRefreshLayout pullToRefreshLayout
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: java.util.regex.Pattern regexToCancelSubFramesLoadingCompiled
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.PermissionRequestListener callback
androidx.core.content.FileProvider: java.io.File DEVICE_ROOT
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body1
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int tag_unhandled_key_event_manager
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int layout
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsOptions: java.lang.String packageName
androidx.window.R$styleable: int SplitPlaceholderRule_splitMinSmallestWidth
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] CompoundButton
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_showText
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Util$PrivateKeyAndCertificates: java.security.PrivateKey privateKey
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_Solid
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.styles.MessagingStyleInformation: java.lang.Boolean groupConversation
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.WebViewFeatureManager: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin plugin
androidx.window.layout.ActivityCompatHelperApi30: androidx.window.layout.ActivityCompatHelperApi30 INSTANCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ActionBroadcastReceiver: java.lang.String KEY_ACTION_VIEW_ID
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int popupTheme
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int actionBarWidgetTheme
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebSettingsBoundaryInterface$ForceDarkBehavior: int FORCE_DARK_ONLY
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.KeepAliveService: android.os.Binder sBinder
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int ratingBarStyleIndicator
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_drawableStartCompat
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler$3: io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result val$result
com.google.android.gms.internal.location.zzdf: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_light
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeysetInfo: int PRIMARY_KEY_ID_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTriggerResourceType: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTriggerResourceType RAW
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int checkbox
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowMinWidthMinor
com.google.android.gms.internal.location.zzdd: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: boolean mNotify
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTriggerResourceType: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTriggerResourceType SCRIPT
io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation: io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation$PresentationState state
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowMinWidthMajor
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_Alert
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int off
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.PluginScriptsUtil: java.lang.String CHECK_GLOBAL_KEY_DOWN_EVENT_TO_HIDE_CONTEXT_MENU_JS_SOURCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController$3: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerActionType: java.lang.String value
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserOptions: java.lang.Boolean closeOnCannotGoBack
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String MESSAGES
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int submenuarrow
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String SOUND_SOURCE
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.MessageDetails: java.lang.String dataMimeType
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler methodCallDelegate
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Integer minimumFontSize
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Boolean useShouldOverrideUrlLoading
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.WorkQueue: int blockingTasksInBuffer
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle
android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endX
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeysetInfo$KeyInfo: int STATUS_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$5: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView this$0
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler: int _isTerminated
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColor
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Boolean useOnRenderProcessGone
com.google.android.gms.location.zzac: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String HTML_FORMAT_CONTENT
androidx.window.R$attr: int activityAction
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTriggerResourceType: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTriggerResourceType FONT
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeyTypeEntry: java.lang.String catalogueName_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int primary_text_default_material_dark
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] Toolbar
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_FixedSize
com.google.android.gms.internal.auth.zzbw: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_singleChoiceItemLayout
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMarkTint
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$string: int abc_activitychooserview_choose_application
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$18: android.webkit.ValueCallback val$resultCallback
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.pull_to_refresh.PullToRefreshOptions: java.lang.String backgroundColor
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int time
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListMenuView
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.InterceptFetchRequestJS: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PluginScript INTERCEPT_FETCH_REQUEST_JS_PLUGIN_SCRIPT
androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend$WindowLayoutChangeCallbackWrapper: androidx.window.layout.WindowLayoutInfo lastInfo
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int androidx_core_ripple_material_light
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.Keyset: int PRIMARY_KEY_ID_FIELD_NUMBER
com.google.android.gms.internal.location.zzdb: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_Alert
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int SearchView_goIcon
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.CustomTabsHelper: java.lang.String BETA_PACKAGE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPopupWindowStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_seekbar_track_progress_height_material
androidx.window.embedding.SplitPlaceholderRule: java.util.Set filters
androidx.window.R$attr: int activityName
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.HmacKey: int VERSION_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView_Inverse
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_lineHeight
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int dialogCornerRadius
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_V28_Theme_AppCompat
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large_Inverse
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int content
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_FixedSize
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_normal
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.RepeatInterval: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.RepeatInterval Daily
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCtrHmacAeadKey: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.HmacKey hmacKey_
com.google.android.gms.maps.GoogleMapOptions: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListMenuView
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$anim: int abc_slide_out_top
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.PluginScriptsUtil: java.lang.String VAR_FUNCTION_ARGUMENTS_OBJ
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.ContentWorld: boolean $assertionsDisabled
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin: java.lang.String LOG_TAG
kotlin.coroutines.jvm.internal.BaseContinuationImpl: kotlin.coroutines.Continuation completion
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_V22_Theme_AppCompat
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_listLayout
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int notification_action_background
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int View_theme
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int dividerPadding
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat$DistinctSidecarElementCallback: androidx.window.layout.SidecarAdapter sidecarAdapter
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.Integer ledColor
androidx.window.embedding.MatcherUtils: boolean sDebugMatchers
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface webView
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageChannel: io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel channel
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_low_bg
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_body_1_material
androidx.browser.customtabs.CustomTabsCallback: int NAVIGATION_FAILED
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Boolean hardwareAcceleration
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$15: android.webkit.JsResult val$result
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.OnLoadResourceJS: java.lang.String ON_LOAD_RESOURCE_JS_SOURCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: java.lang.Runnable checkScrollStoppedTask
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.CredentialDatabase: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.CredentialDatabaseHelper db
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int hint_pressed_alpha_material_light
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: android.content.Context applicationContext
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_star_black_48dp
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.PluginScriptsUtil: java.lang.String CHECK_CONTEXT_MENU_SHOULD_BE_HIDDEN_JS_SOURCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int hideOnContentScroll
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivity: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.CustomTabActivityHelper customTabActivityHelper
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body1
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium_Inverse
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_left_mtrl
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$13: android.webkit.JsResult val$result
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int floating_action_mode_shape
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$2: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient this$0
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.styles.DefaultStyleInformation: java.lang.Boolean htmlFormatBody
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String COLOR_BLUE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_MagIcon
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int actionBarDivider
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchMinWidth
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Boolean disableContextMenu
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int textSpacerNoTitle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int action_bar_activity_content
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$6: android.os.Message val$resend
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int SearchView_layout
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.RepeatInterval: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.RepeatInterval EveryMinute
com.google.android.gms.maps.model.VisibleRegion: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.styles.InboxStyleInformation: java.lang.Boolean htmlFormatSummaryText
androidx.window.embedding.SplitRule: int minSmallestWidth
androidx.window.embedding.SplitController: androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingBackend embeddingBackend
com.google.i18n.phonenumbers.Phonemetadata$NumberFormat: long serialVersionUID
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String PERMISSION_REQUEST_IN_PROGRESS_ERROR_MESSAGE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_Solid
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int tooltip_y_offset_touch
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewStatic$3: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewStatic this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleTextColor
kotlin.coroutines.CombinedContext$Serialized: long serialVersionUID
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerHandler: java.util.List ruleList
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.SoundSource: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.SoundSource[] $VALUES
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.HmacParams: int HASH_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_searchViewStyle
com.facebook.FacebookServiceException: long serialVersionUID
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Util: java.lang.String ANDROID_ASSET_URL
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int browser_actions_text_color
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int checked
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$17: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient this$0
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat$FirstAttachAdapter: androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat sidecarCompat
androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend: androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend globalInstance
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int ThemeTransparent
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] PopupWindowBackgroundState
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int search_badge
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int action_text
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient: int previousAuthRequestFailureCount
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String CHANNEL_ACTION
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCtrHmacAeadKeyFormat: int HMAC_KEY_FORMAT_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int showText
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int ratingBarStyle
androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend: java.lang.String TAG
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_height_material
androidx.browser.customtabs.CustomTabsCallback: int TAB_SHOWN
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int closeItemLayout
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextBackground
androidx.core.content.FileProvider: java.lang.String TAG_ROOT_PATH
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$5: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColorLink
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowColor
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_AlertDialog_AppCompat
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int shortcutMatchRequired
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat$DistinctSidecarElementCallback: androidx.window.sidecar.SidecarInterface$SidecarCallback callbackInterface
androidx.customview.view.AbsSavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$menu: int menu_main
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String FULL_SCREEN_INTENT
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.String verticalScrollbarThumbColor
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int windowFixedWidthMinor
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_button_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int switch_thumb_disabled_material_dark
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int drawableBottomCompat
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableLeft
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog_Alert
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] SwipeRefreshLayout
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String DATA_URI
com.google.android.gms.common.api.Status: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: long[] vibrationPattern
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.GoogleSignInAccount: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeight
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: android.os.Looper mainLooper
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_dark
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String ADDITIONAL_FLAGS
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int disabled_alpha_material_light
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int actionBarPopupTheme
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Boolean horizontalScrollBarEnabled
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$1: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Headline
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextColor
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.ScheduledNotificationRepeatFrequency: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.ScheduledNotificationRepeatFrequency[] $VALUES
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String INDETERMINATE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int showAsAction
com.google.firebase.installations.FirebaseInstallationsRegistrar: java.lang.String LIBRARY_NAME
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.NavigationAction: boolean isForMainFrame
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$14: android.webkit.JsResult val$result
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.String defaultTextEncodingName
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_Underlined
com.google.android.gms.maps.model.TileOverlayOptions: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeysetInfo$KeyInfo: int KEY_ID_FIELD_NUMBER
androidx.window.layout.HardwareFoldingFeature$Type: androidx.window.layout.HardwareFoldingFeature$Type$Companion Companion
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int visible_removing_fragment_view_tag
android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Token: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_Text
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int Toolbar_collapseIcon
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerHandler$3: int[] $SwitchMap$com$pichillilorenzo$flutter_inappwebview$content_blocker$ContentBlockerActionType
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Util$WaitFlutterResult: java.lang.Object result
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_query
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int paddingTopNoTitle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsOptions: java.lang.String toolbarBackgroundColor
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KmsAeadKey: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KmsAeadKey DEFAULT_INSTANCE
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesGcmKey: int version_
androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature$OcclusionType: java.lang.String description
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCtrHmacAeadKey: int VERSION_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$7: android.webkit.JsResult val$result
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeSafariBrowserManager: java.lang.String id
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationAction: java.lang.String icon
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Tooltip
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabText
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int subtitle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int compat_button_padding_horizontal_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_width
android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$QueueItem: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.Integer ledOnMs
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_trackTint
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String groupKey
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeyData: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.Parser PARSER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int action_reload
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int material_grey_900
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int locale
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLProtectionSpace: java.lang.String protocol
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemIconDisabledAlpha
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesSivKey: int version_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonTint
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String IMPORTANCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int background_material_dark
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_11
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity$1: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.PrintJS: java.lang.String PRINT_JS_SOURCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController: java.util.Map pluginScripts
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int actionMenuTextColor
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.pull_to_refresh.PullToRefreshLayout$2: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.pull_to_refresh.PullToRefreshLayout this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int Toolbar_android_gravity
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationAction: java.lang.String ICON
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int Toolbar_collapseContentDescription
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.Integer id
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$5: android.webkit.WebView val$view
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int actionModeStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_tab_indicator_mtrl_alpha
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$animator: int fragment_fade_enter
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_DropDownItem
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: androidx.lifecycle.LifecycleRegistry mFragmentLifecycleRegistry
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat$registerConfigurationChangeListener$configChangeObserver$1: android.app.Activity $activity
androidx.window.layout.HardwareFoldingFeature: androidx.window.layout.HardwareFoldingFeature$Type type
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin: io.flutter.plugin.common.BinaryMessenger messenger
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.PersonDetails: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.IconSource iconBitmapSource
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyWebStorage$3: io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result val$result
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat_android_dither
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Integer defaultFontSize
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCmacKey: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.Parser PARSER
androidx.window.core.Version: int major
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int defaultQueryHint
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String CHANNEL_DESCRIPTION
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String CANCEL_METHOD
androidx.versionedparcelable.ParcelImpl: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesSivKey: int KEY_VALUE_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Subtitle
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String ID
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_autoSizeMaxTextSize
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: androidx.fragment.app.FragmentController mFragments
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.CredentialDatabase: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.CredentialDatabase instance
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String CALLBACK_HANDLE
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesEaxKeyFormat: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.Parser PARSER
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String STOP_FOREGROUND_SERVICE
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String category
com.google.android.gms.location.LocationAvailability: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int actionButtonStyle
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebSettingsBoundaryInterface$WebAuthnSupport: int NONE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.FlutterWebViewFactory: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin plugin
androidx.core.content.FileProvider: java.lang.String TAG_CACHE_PATH
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_material
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String COLOR_GREEN
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PluginScript: boolean requiredInAllContentWorlds
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLCredential: java.lang.String username
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int elevation
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Title
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationAction: java.lang.Boolean contextual
com.facebook.login.WebViewLoginMethodHandler: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ActionBar_subtitle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_6
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.HitTestResult: java.lang.String extra
androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature$OcclusionType: androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature$OcclusionType NONE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_textOn
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int special_effects_controller_view_tag
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_subtitle_material_toolbar
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: android.os.Handler mHandler
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int activityChooserViewStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.URLCredentialContract$FeedEntry: java.lang.String COLUMN_NAME_USERNAME
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.MessageDetails: java.lang.String dataUri
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int search_edit_frame
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.Keyset$Key: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.Keyset$Key DEFAULT_INSTANCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_icon
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelDetails: java.lang.String sound
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.RegistryConfig: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.Parser PARSER
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: android.view.View view
kotlin.jvm.internal.CallableReference: boolean isTopLevel
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String REQUEST_PERMISSION_METHOD
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String CATEGORY
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Boolean thirdPartyCookiesEnabled
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$3: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$string: int abc_shareactionprovider_share_with
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Util: java.lang.String LOG_TAG
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionViewClass
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display1
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int SplitPairRule_splitMinSmallestWidth
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$layout: int select_dialog_item_material
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.DateTimeComponents: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.DateTimeComponents DateAndTime
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_selected
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.HmacKey: int version_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_DayNight_ActionBar
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int RtlUnderlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int abc_search_url_text
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int action_bar_spinner
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.PluginScriptsUtil: java.lang.String EVALUATE_JAVASCRIPT_WITH_CONTENT_WORLD_WRAPPER_JS_SOURCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
io.flutter.plugin.mouse.MouseCursorPlugin$2: long serialVersionUID
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScriptInjectionTime: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScriptInjectionTime AT_DOCUMENT_END
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemTextAppearance
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int actionModeBackground
androidx.core.content.FileProvider: int mResourceId
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationAction: java.util.List actionInputs
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int hint_alpha_material_light
io.flutter.embedding.engine.plugins.lifecycle.HiddenLifecycleReference: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle lifecycle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionBarOverlay
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelGroupDetails: java.lang.String description
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$anim: int abc_popup_exit
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity: java.util.List activityResultListeners
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int MenuView_preserveIconSpacing
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCmacKeyFormat: int PARAMS_FIELD_NUMBER
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelGroupDetails: java.lang.String id
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelDetails: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelAction channelAction
androidx.window.embedding.MatcherUtils: androidx.window.embedding.MatcherUtils INSTANCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.String regexToCancelSubFramesLoading
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_multiChoiceItemLayout
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: android.view.animation.Animation mScaleDownAnimation
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int divider
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String SUMMARY_TEXT
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String PLAY_SOUND
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_internal_bg
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$string: int abc_prepend_shortcut_label
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.CustomTabsHelper: java.lang.String LOCAL_PACKAGE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_activated_mtrl_alpha
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_20
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_top_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$string: int action_go_back
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int drawableLeftCompat
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int screen
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$string: int fallback_menu_item_share_link
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_drawableTintMode
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessagePort$1: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessagePort this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewRenderProcessClient$2: androidx.webkit.WebViewRenderProcess val$renderer
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeyTypeEntry: java.lang.String primitiveName_
kotlin.jvm.internal.CallableReference: java.lang.String name
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.HmacKey: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.HmacKey DEFAULT_INSTANCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$animator: int fragment_open_exit
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_V26_Theme_AppCompat
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int theme
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterSplashView$SavedState: java.lang.String previousCompletedSplashIsolate
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_CREATE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int StateListDrawable_android_exitFadeDuration
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int MenuItem_tooltipText
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.ServiceWorkerManager: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin plugin
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_1
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int view_tree_saved_state_registry_owner
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionMode_Inverse
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient: io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel channel
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] DrawerArrowToggle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_alpha
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_DialogWindowTitleBackground_AppCompat
androidx.core.app.ComponentActivity: androidx.collection.SimpleArrayMap mExtraDataMap
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_0
androidx.window.R$styleable: int SplitPairRule_splitLayoutDirection
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_14
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_Underlined
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: int INVALID_POINTER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int Toolbar_title
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_titleCondensed
com.google.android.gms.maps.model.StyleSpan: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_android_layout
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] AnimatedStateListDrawableTransition
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_android_src
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] CheckedTextView
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: float mTotalDragDistance
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.styles.BigPictureStyleInformation: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.BitmapSource largeIconBitmapSource
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int listItemLayout
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.zat: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int secondaryActivityName
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyCookieManager: java.lang.String LOG_TAG
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int async
androidx.core.content.FileProvider: java.lang.String[] COLUMNS
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.LockFreeTaskQueueCore: java.lang.Object _next
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.internal.SignInConfiguration: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int action_bar
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int alphabeticModifiers
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Title
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String SELECT_FOREGROUND_NOTIFICATION_ACTION
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int numericModifiers
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_000
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Integer cacheMode
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.InterceptAjaxRequestJS: java.lang.String INTERCEPT_AJAX_REQUEST_JS_SOURCE
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: android.view.animation.Animation mAnimateToStartPosition
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeysetInfo$KeyInfo: int status_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_SearchResult_Title
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String CHANNEL_SHOW_BADGE
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationAction: java.lang.String id
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.CreateWindowAction: boolean isDialog
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textSize
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int action_bar_title
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KmsAeadKeyFormat: int KEY_URI_FIELD_NUMBER
androidx.window.R$styleable: int[] ActivityFilter
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_Tooltip
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.PluginScriptsUtil: java.lang.String CALL_ASYNC_JAVA_SCRIPT_WRAPPER_JS_SOURCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivitySingleInstance: java.lang.String LOG_TAG
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Boolean loadWithOverviewMode
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: int DEFAULT
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.MessageDetails: java.lang.Long timestamp
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: java.util.Map contextMenu
androidx.window.layout.ExtensionWindowLayoutInfoBackend: java.util.concurrent.locks.ReentrantLock extensionWindowBackendLock
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int lineHeight
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_panel_menu_list_width
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$10$1: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$10 this$1
com.facebook.login.LoginClient$Request: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionDropDownStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.pull_to_refresh.PullToRefreshOptions: java.lang.Integer slingshotDistance
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] SplitPairFilter
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$11: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView this$0
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelGroupDetails: java.lang.String DESCRIPTION
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int tag_accessibility_clickable_spans
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Boolean mediaPlaybackRequiresUserGesture
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.OnWindowFocusEventJS: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PluginScript ON_WINDOW_FOCUS_EVENT_JS_PLUGIN_SCRIPT
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.CredentialDatabase: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.URLProtectionSpaceDao protectionSpaceDao
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarSplitStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogButtonGroupStyle
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: int nextFlutterId
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int Fragment_android_id
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endColor
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI$AccessibilityDelegate accessibilityDelegate
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.styles.InboxStyleInformation: java.util.ArrayList lines
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.Integer color
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCmacParams: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.Parser PARSER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.ThreadedInputConnectionProxyAdapterView: android.view.View containerView
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserOptions: java.lang.Boolean hidden
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.BitmapSource: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.BitmapSource[] $VALUES
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeSafariBrowserManager: java.util.Map shared
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowDx
androidx.core.app.ComponentActivity: androidx.lifecycle.LifecycleRegistry mLifecycleRegistry
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: java.util.concurrent.CopyOnWriteArrayList mOnMultiWindowModeChangedListeners
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: android.view.animation.DecelerateInterpolator mDecelerateInterpolator
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivity: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsOptions options
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeSafariBrowserManager: io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel channel
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: int initialPositionScrollStoppedTask
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeFindDrawable
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_tick_mark_material
androidx.window.layout.HardwareFoldingFeature$Type: java.lang.String description
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] SplitPairRule
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int activityName
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int alertDialogTheme
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.DownloadStartRequest: java.lang.String url
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$integer: int abc_config_activityDefaultDur
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_list_divider_mtrl_alpha
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int actionOverflowButtonStyle
io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation: boolean startFocused
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.styles.BigPictureStyleInformation: java.lang.Boolean hideExpandedLargeIcon
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelDetails: java.lang.String groupId
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Boolean transparentBackground
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String STYLE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$18: android.webkit.PermissionRequest val$request
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.LockFreeLinkedListNode: java.lang.Object _prev
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int gapBetweenBars
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int buttonCompat
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_textOff
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: boolean mEnableLegacyRequestDisallowInterceptTouch
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Small
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int fontWeight
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageChannel$1: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageChannel this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$4$1: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$4 this$1
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView webView
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.RegistryConfig: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.RegistryConfig DEFAULT_INSTANCE
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.NotificationStyle: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.NotificationStyle Media
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler$2: io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result val$result
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KmsEnvelopeAeadKey: int PARAMS_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int Toolbar_android_minHeight
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCtrHmacAeadKeyFormat: int AES_CTR_KEY_FORMAT_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int italic
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: int mOriginalSystemUiVisibility
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTrigger: java.util.List ifDomain
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless_Colored
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int multiChoiceItemLayout
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.Time: java.lang.String MINUTE
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesEaxParams: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesEaxParams DEFAULT_INSTANCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$string: int abc_capital_off
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarItemBackground
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsOptions: java.lang.Boolean enableUrlBarHiding
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int abc_hint_foreground_material_light
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int contentInsetStartWithNavigation
com.facebook.FacebookRequestError: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int accessibility_action_clickable_span
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int buttonBarStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int action_context_bar
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int radioButtonStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$anim: int btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_ring_outer_path_animation
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int btn_checkbox_unchecked_to_checked_mtrl_animation
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesGcmKeyFormat: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesGcmKeyFormat DEFAULT_INSTANCE
androidx.browser.customtabs.CustomTabsCallback: int NAVIGATION_FINISHED
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$6: android.os.Message val$dontResend
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Util$1: java.lang.Object val$arguments
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body2
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String TIMESTAMP
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$4: android.webkit.WebView val$view
kotlinx.coroutines.InvokeOnCancelling: int _invoked
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlNormal
com.facebook.login.DeviceAuthMethodHandler: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$12: java.lang.String val$message
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_holo_dark
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int search_voice_btn
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_title_divider_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$4: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView this$0
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.SoundSource: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.SoundSource Uri
androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend: java.util.concurrent.CopyOnWriteArrayList windowLayoutChangeCallbacks
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeTheme
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String CREATE_NOTIFICATION_CHANNEL_GROUP_METHOD
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleTextAppearance
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String CANCEL_NOTIFICATION
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewStatic: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin plugin
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: android.net.Uri videoOutputFileUri
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserManager manager
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$8: float val$pixelDensity
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Platform_V21_AppCompat_Light
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelDetails: java.lang.String description
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCtrKeyFormat: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCtrKeyFormat DEFAULT_INSTANCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelBackground
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int notification_main_column_container
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String DAY
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel channel
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String INVALID_DRAWABLE_RESOURCE_ERROR_MESSAGE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_menu_header_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.URLCredentialContract$FeedEntry: java.lang.String TABLE_NAME
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ActionBar_background
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String GET_ACTIVE_NOTIFICATIONS_METHOD
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int FragmentContainerView_android_tag
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int abc_hint_foreground_material_dark
androidx.window.R$styleable: int SplitPairRule_clearTop
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.RegistryConfig: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.Internal$ProtobufList entry_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int home
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int material_blue_grey_950
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserManager: io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel channel
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivity: int CHROME_CUSTOM_TAB_REQUEST_CODE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.PluginScriptsUtil: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PluginScript CHECK_GLOBAL_KEY_DOWN_EVENT_TO_HIDE_CONTEXT_MENU_JS_PLUGIN_SCRIPT
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Colored
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int switch_thumb_normal_material_light
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InputAwareWebView: android.view.View threadedInputConnectionProxyView
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_default_mtrl_alpha
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeyData: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeyData DEFAULT_INSTANCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerActionType: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerActionType BLOCK
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String SHOW_PROGRESS
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InputAwareWebView: java.lang.String LOG_TAG
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String HTML_FORMAT_LINES
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int browser_actions_divider_color
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$string: int abc_menu_sym_shortcut_label
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculatorCompat: java.lang.String TAG
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int queryPatterns
androidx.window.java.layout.WindowInfoTrackerCallbackAdapter: java.util.Map consumerToJobMap
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$anim: int btn_checkbox_to_unchecked_check_path_merged_animation
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.JavaScriptBridgeInterface$2: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.JavaScriptBridgeInterface this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.CredentialDatabaseHandler: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin plugin
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int paddingEnd
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu_Overflow
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_AlertDialog_AppCompat_Light
com.google.gson.stream.MalformedJsonException: long serialVersionUID
okio.ByteString: byte[] data
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int CheckedTextView_android_checkMark
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int line3
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.CredentialDatabaseHandler: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.CredentialDatabase credentialDatabase
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController: java.util.Map userOnlyScripts
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ActionBar_homeAsUpIndicator
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_control_corner_material
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesGcmKey: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.ByteString keyValue_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int editTextColor
androidx.window.core.Version: int minor
androidx.core.content.FileProvider: java.lang.String TAG_EXTERNAL_MEDIA
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KmsAeadKey: int PARAMS_FIELD_NUMBER
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.HmacKeyFormat: int version_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int thumbTintMode
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLProtectionSpace: int port
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.CustomTabActivityHelper: androidx.browser.customtabs.CustomTabsClient mClient
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ActionBar_popupTheme
androidx.window.embedding.MatcherUtils: java.lang.String sMatchersTag
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textStyle
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String SUB_TEXT
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String SHARED_PREFERENCES_KEY
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.CustomTabActivityHelper: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.CustomTabActivityHelper$ConnectionCallback mConnectionCallback
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int wrap_content
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String sound
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String LINES
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: java.lang.String ACTIVITY_RESULT_TAG
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_dialog_material_background
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle_Inverse
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.PersonDetails: java.lang.Boolean bot
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_ExpandedMenu_Item
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingCompat: androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingAdapter adapter
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_right_mtrl
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int SearchView_closeIcon
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity: android.widget.SearchView searchView
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int dropdownListPreferredItemHeight
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int state_above_anchor
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$12: android.view.ActionMode$Callback val$callback
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: boolean mIsBeingDragged
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerHandler$1: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerHandler this$0
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.Integer audioAttributesUsage
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String INVALID_RAW_RESOURCE_ERROR_MESSAGE
com.google.android.gms.internal.auth.zzhr: com.google.android.gms.internal.auth.zzey zzd
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_middle_mtrl
androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend$SplitListenerWrapper: android.app.Activity activity
com.facebook.login.InstagramAppLoginMethodHandler: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_horizontal_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int colorControlNormal
com.google.android.gms.maps.model.MarkerOptions: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_drawableSize
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int action_image
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerActionType: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerActionType MAKE_HTTPS
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$5: float m_downY
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: java.lang.String DEFAULT_MIME_TYPES
androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTracker$Companion: androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTrackerDecorator decorator
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogPreferredPadding
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int autoSizeTextType
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.ThreadedInputConnectionProxyAdapterView: android.view.inputmethod.InputConnection cachedConnection
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentManagerState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessagePort$2: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessagePort this$0
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.Keyset: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.Parser PARSER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupWindow
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int autoSizeMaxTextSize
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.Object largeIcon
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_track
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.Time: java.lang.String HOUR
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.ScheduledNotificationRepeatFrequency: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.ScheduledNotificationRepeatFrequency Weekly
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.XChaCha20Poly1305Key: int version_
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeyTypeEntry: int PRIMITIVE_NAME_FIELD_NUMBER
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationAction: java.lang.String TITLE_COLOR_RED
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int switch_thumb_material_dark
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserOptions: java.lang.String toolbarTopBackgroundColor
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_drawableBottomCompat
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: int LARGE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int commitIcon
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.headless_in_app_webview.HeadlessInAppWebViewManager headlessInAppWebViewManager
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerAction: java.lang.String selector
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewStatic$2: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewStatic this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$3: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_control_background_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int tint
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView_DropDown
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewRenderProcessClient: io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel channel
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: boolean mUsingCustomStart
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: android.view.GestureDetector gestureDetector
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$13: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$interpolator: int btn_checkbox_unchecked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_fontFamily
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_DialogWhenLarge
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Menu
androidx.core.content.FileProvider: java.lang.String ATTR_PATH
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController: java.lang.String CONTENT_WORLDS_GENERATOR_JS_SOURCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_inflatedId
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String UNSUPPORTED_OS_VERSION_ERROR_CODE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ActionBarLayout_android_layout_gravity
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.RuntimeTypeAdapterFactory: java.util.Map labelToSubtype
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: java.util.concurrent.atomic.AtomicInteger mNextLocalRequestCode
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat$registerConfigurationChangeListener$configChangeObserver$1: androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat this$0
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.Integer number
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Boolean safeBrowsingEnabled
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] SplitPlaceholderRule
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.PlatformUtil: java.lang.String LOG_TAG
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$5: float m_downX
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ActionBar_hideOnContentScroll
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableEnd
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: int PICKER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessagePort$2: android.webkit.ValueCallback val$callback
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: android.app.Activity mainActivity
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeysetInfo$KeyInfo: java.lang.String typeUrl_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.ThreadedInputConnectionProxyAdapterView: boolean isLocked
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int tooltip_y_offset_non_touch
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin: android.content.Context applicationContext
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin: android.webkit.ValueCallback filePathCallbackLegacy
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesGcmKey: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesGcmKey DEFAULT_INSTANCE
com.google.gson.internal.$Gson$Types$ParameterizedTypeImpl: long serialVersionUID
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler$4: io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result val$result
androidx.window.java.layout.WindowInfoTrackerCallbackAdapter$addListener$1$1: kotlinx.coroutines.flow.Flow $flow
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_subtitle_top_margin_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTrigger: java.util.List unlessDomain
kotlin.jvm.internal.CallableReference: java.lang.Object NO_RECEIVER
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesGcmSivKey: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.Parser PARSER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int actionBarTabBarStyle
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: android.view.View mTarget
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: androidx.lifecycle.ViewModelProvider$Factory mDefaultFactory
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$string: int abc_menu_ctrl_shortcut_label
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_popup_background_mtrl_mult
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_select_dialog_padding_start_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int abc_tint_btn_checkable
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_menuCategory
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_overflow_material
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: int mContentLayoutId
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLAuthenticationChallenge: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLProtectionSpace protectionSpace
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Boolean supportZoom
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int srcCompat
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessage: java.lang.String data
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ActionBroadcastReceiver: java.lang.String KEY_ACTION_ID
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLProtectionSpace: android.net.http.SslCertificate sslCertificate
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelDetails: java.lang.Integer audioAttributesUsage
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int view_tree_on_back_pressed_dispatcher_owner
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedHeightMajor
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelDetails: java.lang.Boolean showBadge
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int textLocale
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_V7_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int action_bar_subtitle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.String cursiveFontFamily
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.CustomTabsHelper: java.lang.String STABLE_PACKAGE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int actionModePasteDrawable
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String LED_COLOR_BLUE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_4
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int MenuItem_alphabeticModifiers
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int btn_radio_off_mtrl
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int submit_area
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String PENDING_NOTIFICATION_REQUESTS_METHOD
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int clearTop
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog_MinWidth
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_list_longpressed_holo
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: java.util.Map callAsyncJavaScriptCallbacks
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int tintMode
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_EditText
com.facebook.login.LoginClient: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] AnimatedStateListDrawableItem
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.ChaCha20Poly1305Key: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.ChaCha20Poly1305Key DEFAULT_INSTANCE
androidx.window.R$attr: int splitRatio
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesGcmSivKeyFormat: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.Parser PARSER
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCmacKey: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.ByteString keyValue_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyWebStorage: java.lang.String LOG_TAG
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int btn_radio_on_to_off_mtrl_animation
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemBackground
kotlinx.coroutines.DefaultExecutor: java.lang.Thread _thread
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_menu_material
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat$DistinctSidecarElementCallback: java.util.concurrent.locks.ReentrantLock lock
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_ic_commit_search_api_mtrl_alpha
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String subText
androidx.window.embedding.SplitController: boolean sDebug
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.CustomTabsActionButton: java.lang.String description
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PreferredContentModeOptionType: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PreferredContentModeOptionType RECOMMENDED
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterOverlaySurface: android.view.Surface surface
com.facebook.appevents.AccessTokenAppIdPair: long serialVersionUID
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$12: java.lang.String val$itemTitle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_typeface
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$11: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient this$0
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeyTemplate: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeyTemplate DEFAULT_INSTANCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Util$PrivateKeyAndCertificates: java.security.cert.X509Certificate[] certificates
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_pressed
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String INPUT
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int navigationMode
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_ActionBar
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String body
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Icon1
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLCredential: java.lang.Long id
androidx.window.embedding.SplitPairRule: java.util.Set filters
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int ripple_material_light
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat$DistinctElementCallback: java.util.concurrent.locks.ReentrantLock lock
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCtrHmacAeadKeyFormat: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCtrKeyFormat aesCtrKeyFormat_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int compat_button_padding_vertical_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int action_close
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeight
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchStrategy
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_title_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_drawableRightCompat
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KmsEnvelopeAeadKeyFormat: int DEK_TEMPLATE_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_Shortcut
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int fontProviderQuery
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTrigger: java.lang.String urlFilter
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_search_view_preferred_width
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int indeterminateProgressStyle
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.Boolean fullScreenIntent
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String TEXT
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTriggerResourceType: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTriggerResourceType[] $VALUES
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int scrollIndicatorUp
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int info
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int buttonTintMode
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: boolean mReturningToStart
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.XChaCha20Poly1305Key: int KEY_VALUE_FIELD_NUMBER
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelDetails: java.lang.String DESCRIPTION
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int MenuItem_iconTint
kotlin.coroutines.jvm.internal.ContinuationImpl: kotlin.coroutines.Continuation intercepted
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.Long millisecondsSinceEpoch
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int expand_activities_button
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesSivKeyFormat: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesSivKeyFormat DEFAULT_INSTANCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$string: int copy_toast_msg
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.Keyset$Key: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeyData keyData_
androidx.window.layout.HardwareFoldingFeature: androidx.window.layout.HardwareFoldingFeature$Companion Companion
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$6: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient this$0
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.HmacKeyFormat: int KEY_SIZE_FIELD_NUMBER
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: java.util.Set flutterUiDisplayListeners
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelDetails: java.lang.Integer importance
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLCredential: java.lang.String password
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatSeekBar
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_min_width_minor
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String GET_NOTIFICATION_CHANNELS_METHOD
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.Integer day
androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTracker$Companion: boolean DEBUG
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int tag_unhandled_key_listeners
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Menu
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewStatic$2: io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result val$result
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCtrParams: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.Parser PARSER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int tooltip_precise_anchor_extra_offset
io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation: io.flutter.plugin.platform.AccessibilityEventsDelegate accessibilityEventsDelegate
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$9: boolean val$enable
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SearchView
androidx.window.core.Bounds: int right
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int bright_foreground_material_light
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewStatic$1: io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result val$result
com.google.firebase.messaging.FirebaseMessagingRegistrar: java.lang.String LIBRARY_NAME
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_toolbarNavigationButtonStyle
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.GoogleSignInOptions: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
androidx.window.R$attr: int finishPrimaryWithSecondary
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.pull_to_refresh.PullToRefreshLayout$1: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.pull_to_refresh.PullToRefreshLayout this$0
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String NOTIFICATION_DETAILS
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeyTypeEntry: int CATALOGUE_NAME_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int backgroundSplit
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyCookieManager$3: io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result val$result
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.OnLoadResourceJS: java.lang.String ON_LOAD_RESOURCE_JS_PLUGIN_SCRIPT_GROUP_NAME
kotlin.coroutines.jvm.internal.SuspendLambda: int arity
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCtrHmacAeadKeyFormat: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.Parser PARSER
com.google.android.gms.common.Feature: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$8: java.lang.String val$defaultValue
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ListPopupWindow_android_dropDownHorizontalOffset
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserOptions: java.lang.Boolean shouldCloseOnBackButtonPressed
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.BuildConfig: boolean DEBUG
com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.InvalidProtocolBufferException$InvalidWireTypeException: long serialVersionUID
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_drawableEndCompat
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginEnd
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_color
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.JavaScriptBridgeInterface$2$1: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.JavaScriptBridgeInterface$2 this$1
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.PlatformUtil: io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel channel
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeightSmall
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton_CloseMode
androidx.activity.result.ActivityResult: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerHandler$1: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView val$webView
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCtrKey: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.ByteString keyValue_
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: int mActivePointerId
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_list_item_height_small_material
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesEaxKey: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.ByteString keyValue_
io.flutter.view.FlutterCallbackInformation: java.lang.String callbackName
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_23
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_ActionBar
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: android.view.animation.Animation mAlphaMaxAnimation
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String START_FOREGROUND_SERVICE
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCtrHmacAeadKey: int AES_CTR_KEY_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat_android_constantSize
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] SearchView
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int title_template
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$string: int fallback_menu_item_copy_link
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int navigationIcon
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_gravity
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: int STARTING_PROGRESS_ALPHA
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ListView_DropDown
androidx.window.embedding.SplitController: java.util.concurrent.locks.ReentrantLock globalLock
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int abc_primary_text_material_dark
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String IMPORTANT
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarStyle
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculator$Companion: androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculator$Companion $$INSTANCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_default_mtrl_alpha
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_font
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTrigger: java.util.regex.Pattern urlFilterPatternCompiled
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_ab_share_pack_mtrl_alpha
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: android.view.WindowInsets lastWindowInsets
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int notify_panel_notification_icon_bg
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int primary_dark_material_dark
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.styles.InboxStyleInformation: java.lang.String summaryText
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int panelBackground
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: int newCheckContextMenuShouldBeClosedTaskTask
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivity$1: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivity this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String TICKER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewStatic$1: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewStatic this$0
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.ChaCha20Poly1305Key: int version_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeightLarge
androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend$SplitListenerWrapper: java.util.concurrent.Executor executor
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI$AsyncWaitForVsyncDelegate asyncWaitForVsyncDelegate
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int spinnerStyle
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.Integer priority
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.ConsoleLogJS: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PluginScript CONSOLE_LOG_JS_PLUGIN_SCRIPT
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Integer disabledActionModeMenuItems
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ActionBar_customNavigationLayout
com.google.android.gms.common.ConnectionResult: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$4: android.webkit.ClientCertRequest val$request
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeSafariBrowserManager: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin plugin
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.PluginScriptsUtil: java.lang.String VAR_CONTENT_WORLD_NAME_ARRAY
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String NOTIFICATION_RESPONSE_TYPE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_DialogTitle_Icon
androidx.window.embedding.ActivityFilter: java.lang.String intentAction
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ActionBar_indeterminateProgressStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Button
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$string: int abc_menu_enter_shortcut_label
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int overlapAnchor
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: java.lang.String TAG
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: float zoomScale
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity: android.widget.ProgressBar progressBar
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String SET_AS_GROUP_SUMMARY
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ActionBar_divider
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_DialogWhenLarge
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.pull_to_refresh.PullToRefreshOptions: java.lang.Integer size
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KmsAeadKey: int version_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int pullToRefresh
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Button
androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature$Orientation: androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature$Orientation VERTICAL
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_overlapAnchor
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.SurfaceTextureWrapper: boolean released
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] MenuItem
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.SurfaceTextureWrapper: boolean attached
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeysetInfo$KeyInfo: int TYPE_URL_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int actionBarItemBackground
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String LARGE_ICON
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeyTemplate: int outputPrefixType_
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String CANCEL_ID
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.ContentWorld: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.ContentWorld PAGE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$10: android.webkit.ValueCallback val$resultCallback
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.TrustedWebActivity: androidx.browser.trusted.TrustedWebActivityIntentBuilder builder
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_barLength
com.google.i18n.phonenumbers.Phonemetadata$PhoneNumberDesc: long serialVersionUID
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_18
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$14: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] ActivityFilter
kotlinx.coroutines.DefaultExecutor: int debugStatus
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitleTextColor
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: androidx.core.view.NestedScrollingParentHelper mNestedScrollingParentHelper
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableTransition_android_fromId
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int btn_checkbox_checked_mtrl
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int panelMenuListWidth
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] GradientColorItem
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] Spinner
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int switchMinWidth
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int message
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int RecycleListView_paddingBottomNoButtons
androidx.core.content.FileProvider: java.lang.String TAG_EXTERNAL_FILES
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ActionBar_title
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int browser_actions_menu_item_icon
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.Keyset: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.Keyset DEFAULT_INSTANCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium_Inverse
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeyData: int KEY_MATERIAL_TYPE_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionOverflowButtonStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.ThreadedInputConnectionProxyAdapterView: android.os.Handler imeHandler
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewStatic$3: io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result val$result
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingCompat: androidx.window.extensions.embedding.ActivityEmbeddingComponent embeddingExtension
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.PlatformUtil: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin plugin
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.EncryptedKeyset: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.ByteString encryptedKeyset_
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: int mTouchSlop
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: android.view.View rootAccessibilityView
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelDetails: java.lang.Boolean enableVibration
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int colorError
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String PERMISSION_REQUEST_IN_PROGRESS_ERROR_CODE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelDetails: java.lang.String ENABLE_LIGHTS
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationAction: java.lang.String TITLE_COLOR_ALPHA
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.RuntimeTypeAdapterFactory: java.lang.String typeFieldName
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int Spinner_popupTheme
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_icon_vertical_padding_material
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String SHOW_DAILY_AT_TIME_METHOD
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.CredentialDatabaseHandler: java.lang.String LOG_TAG
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelAction: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelAction[] $VALUES
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsOptions: java.lang.String LOG_TAG
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_checkable
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler$1: io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result val$result
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCmacKey: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCmacKey DEFAULT_INSTANCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int progressBarStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.headless_in_app_webview.HeadlessInAppWebViewManager: java.lang.String LOG_TAG
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
androidx.window.layout.SidecarAdapter: androidx.window.layout.SidecarAdapter$Companion Companion
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageListener: androidx.webkit.JavaScriptReplyProxy replyProxy
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionOverflowMenuStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DialogWhenLarge
androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature$State: java.lang.String description
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KmsEnvelopeAeadKeyFormat: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeyTemplate dekTemplate_
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.DateTimeComponents: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.DateTimeComponents DayOfMonthAndTime
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KmsEnvelopeAeadKeyFormat: java.lang.String kekUri_
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String MAX_PROGRESS
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display4
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Header
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_bottom_material
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.NotificationStyle: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.NotificationStyle BigText
androidx.core.content.FileProvider: java.lang.String TAG_EXTERNAL_CACHE
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String LED_COLOR_ALPHA
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_headerBackground
androidx.window.embedding.ActivityStack: boolean isEmpty
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.styles.BigTextStyleInformation: java.lang.String bigText
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLProtectionSpace: java.lang.String host
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabText
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingTranslatingCallback: androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingAdapter adapter
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.Long calledAt
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int view_tree_lifecycle_owner
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_subhead_material
com.google.android.gms.maps.model.StampStyle: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: int mCurrentTargetOffsetTop
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Boolean useHybridComposition
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMargins
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: int mOriginalOrientation
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.Size2D: double width
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int actionLayout
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int switchTextAppearance
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int material_deep_teal_500
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int radio
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$string: int abc_menu_function_shortcut_label
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int src_atop
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] ButtonBarLayout
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationAction: java.lang.String TITLE_COLOR_GREEN
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat$DistinctElementCallback: java.util.WeakHashMap activityWindowLayoutInfo
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listChoiceIndicatorMultipleAnimated
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int SplitPairRule_splitLayoutDirection
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelMenuListTheme
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat$DistinctElementCallback: androidx.window.layout.ExtensionInterfaceCompat$ExtensionCallbackInterface callbackInterface
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeyData: int VALUE_FIELD_NUMBER
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCtrKeyFormat: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCtrParams params_
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelDetails: java.lang.String LED_COLOR_BLUE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead_Inverse
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int material_grey_800
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderAuthority
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_control_padding_material
io.flutter.embedding.android.KeyboardMap$2: long serialVersionUID
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: int ALPHA_ANIMATION_DURATION
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.headless_in_app_webview.HeadlessInAppWebView: io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel channel
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_thickness
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display3
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.BitmapSource: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.BitmapSource FilePath
androidx.window.embedding.SplitRule$Api30Impl: androidx.window.embedding.SplitRule$Api30Impl INSTANCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.pull_to_refresh.PullToRefreshLayout pullToRefreshLayout
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_item_background_holo_light
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ActionBar_height
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelDetails: java.lang.String LED_COLOR_GREEN
androidx.window.embedding.SplitRule: float splitRatio
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$2: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivity: androidx.browser.customtabs.CustomTabsSession customTabsSession
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController: java.lang.String USER_SCRIPTS_AT_DOCUMENT_START_WRAPPER_JS_SOURCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_alphabeticShortcut
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String channelId
androidx.window.core.Version: androidx.window.core.Version UNKNOWN
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMark
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int StateListDrawable_android_constantSize
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String BIG_PICTURE_BITMAP_SOURCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int listLayout
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.styles.BigPictureStyleInformation: java.lang.Boolean htmlFormatSummaryText
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int primary_text_default_material_light
androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTrackerImpl: androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculator windowMetricsCalculator
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int titleDividerNoCustom
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerHandler$1: java.lang.String[] val$webViewUrl
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int actionModePopupWindowStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PreferredContentModeOptionType: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PreferredContentModeOptionType MOBILE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int compat_notification_large_icon_max_height
androidx.window.core.Bounds: int bottom
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLRequest: byte[] body
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$2: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int on
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageListener$1: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageListener val$self
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.String standardFontFamily
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsOptions: androidx.browser.trusted.TrustedWebActivityDisplayMode displayMode
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScriptInjectionTime: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScriptInjectionTime[] $VALUES
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textColorAlertDialogListItem
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.PluginScriptsUtil: java.lang.String CHECK_GLOBAL_KEY_DOWN_EVENT_TO_HIDE_CONTEXT_MENU_JS_PLUGIN_SCRIPT_GROUP_NAME
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int queryBackground
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_btn_borderless_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Subtitle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$layout: int abc_select_dialog_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int forever
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewRenderProcessClient$2: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewRenderProcessClient this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_checkboxStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int background_floating_material_dark
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int notification_media_narrow_margin
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int contentInsetEndWithActions
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_ic_go_search_api_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dropdownListPreferredItemHeight
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$17: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView this$0
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String HTML_FORMAT_TITLE
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeyTypeEntry: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.Parser PARSER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_19
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem
androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTracker: androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTracker$Companion Companion
androidx.window.embedding.SplitPlaceholderRule: android.content.Intent placeholderIntent
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeyData: java.lang.String typeUrl_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_lStar
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int CheckedTextView_checkMarkTintMode
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_trackTintMode
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String icon
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Title
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int navigationContentDescription
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead_Inverse
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeightSmall
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int listPopupWindowStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int tooltipForegroundColor
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_CloseMode
kotlin.coroutines.EmptyCoroutineContext: long serialVersionUID
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int ripple_material_dark
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String NOTIFICATION_ID
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.CredentialDatabase: java.lang.String DATABASE_NAME
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetStart
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.DisplayListenerProxy$1: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.DisplayListenerProxy this$0
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: int mCustomSlingshotDistance
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int notification_subtext_size
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelDetails: long[] vibrationPattern
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.styles.BigPictureStyleInformation: java.lang.Object bigPicture
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int actionModeTheme
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTriggerResourceType: java.lang.String value
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal_pressed
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageChannel$1: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageChannel val$webMessageChannel
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: java.util.concurrent.CopyOnWriteArrayList mOnNewIntentListeners
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient: java.util.List credentialsProposed
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeysetInfo$KeyInfo: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.Parser PARSER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_textLocale
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$integer: int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int subMenuArrow
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$10: java.lang.String val$resultUuid
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$string: int menu_search
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelDetails: java.lang.Integer ledColor
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_drawableTopCompat
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterOverlaySurface: int id
androidx.window.R$id: int androidx_window_activity_scope
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.HttpAuthenticationChallenge: int previousFailureCount
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KmsEnvelopeAeadKey: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KmsEnvelopeAeadKeyFormat params_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageChannel$1: android.webkit.ValueCallback val$callback
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.URLProtectionSpaceContract$FeedEntry: java.lang.String COLUMN_NAME_HOST
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationAction: java.lang.String TITLE_COLOR_BLUE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivity: boolean onChromeSafariBrowserCompletedInitialLoad
androidx.core.content.FileProvider: java.lang.String META_DATA_FILE_PROVIDER_PATHS
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelDetails: java.lang.String IMPORTANCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$layout: int chrome_custom_tabs_layout
kotlin.jvm.internal.Lambda: int arity
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.Keyset$Key: int OUTPUT_PREFIX_TYPE_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int tooltipText
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Empty
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.DateTimeComponents matchDateTimeComponents
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_id
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_seekBarStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$3: android.webkit.JsResult val$result
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int right_side
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int SearchView_submitBackground
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_thumb_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_CheckBox
androidx.window.layout.ExtensionWindowLayoutInfoBackend: androidx.window.extensions.layout.WindowLayoutComponent component
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle_Common
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableTransition_android_reversible
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: float DECELERATE_INTERPOLATION_FACTOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.ServiceWorkerManager$1: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.ServiceWorkerManager this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_srcCompat
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$layout: int abc_action_mode_close_item_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ActivityFilter_activityName
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int nestedScrollViewStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: java.util.Map evaluateJavaScriptContentWorldCallbacks
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback$InsetsListener insetsListener
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$layout: int select_dialog_multichoice_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.PluginScriptsUtil: java.lang.String VAR_RANDOM_NAME
androidx.window.R$id: int ltr
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int singleChoiceItemLayout
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String ONGOING
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.URLCredentialContract$FeedEntry: java.lang.String COLUMN_NAME_PASSWORD
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.util.List contentBlockers
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Boolean clearSessionCache
kotlinx.coroutines.JobSupport$Finishing: java.lang.Object _rootCause
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$integer: int config_tooltipAnimTime
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless_Colored
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$8: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView this$0
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.HmacParams: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.Parser PARSER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_star_big
androidx.window.core.Version: androidx.window.core.Version$Companion Companion
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$1: boolean val$isForMainFrame
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$layout: int abc_action_menu_item_layout
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyWebStorage$1: io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result val$result
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$12: int val$itemId
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedWidthMinor
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: java.util.concurrent.CopyOnWriteArrayList mOnConfigurationChangedListeners
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_fontFamily
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int actionModeSplitBackground
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.ProcessGlobalConfigConstants: java.lang.String DATA_DIRECTORY_SUFFIX
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int select_dialog_listview
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.XChaCha20Poly1305Key: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.ByteString keyValue_
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.ClientIdentity: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int showTitle
androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature$State: androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature$State FLAT
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int src_over
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesGcmKeyFormat: int KEY_SIZE_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int splitRatio
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int colorPrimaryDark
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_star_medium
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_fontFamily
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int split_action_bar
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_7
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: android.graphics.Point contextMenuPoint
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int ratingBarStyleSmall
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$15: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient this$0
androidx.window.layout.ExtensionWindowLayoutInfoBackend: java.util.Map activityToListeners
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculator: androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculator$Companion Companion
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.String appCachePath
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableTransition_android_toId
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int MenuView_subMenuArrow
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_light
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewStatic: io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel channel
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_right
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int voiceIcon
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceLargePopupMenu
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$3: android.webkit.SslErrorHandler val$handler
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.JavaScriptBridgeInterface javaScriptBridgeInterface
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_ActionBar
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$8: io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result val$result
android.support.v4.os.ResultReceiver: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_CloseMode
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int group_divider
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCtrKeyFormat: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.Parser PARSER
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String PROGRESS
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int Toolbar_logoDescription
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$string: int abc_menu_meta_shortcut_label
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeSelectAllDrawable
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body2
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorSwitchThumbNormal
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int buttonTint
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int listMenuViewStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_seekbar_track_background_height_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.InterceptAjaxRequestJS: java.lang.String INTERCEPT_AJAX_REQUEST_JS_PLUGIN_SCRIPT_GROUP_NAME
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.JavaScriptBridgeJS: java.lang.String JAVASCRIPT_UTIL_VAR_NAME
androidx.window.R$attr: int primaryActivityName
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int dividerVertical
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.pull_to_refresh.PullToRefreshLayout: io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel channel
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeyTemplate: int VALUE_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_search
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button
kotlin.random.Random$Default$Serialized: long serialVersionUID
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int tooltip_horizontal_padding
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity: android.view.Menu menu
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int search_close_btn
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_START
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.DownloadStartRequest: java.lang.String mimeType
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$string: int action_go_forward
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculator$Companion$reset$1: androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculator$Companion$reset$1 INSTANCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_weight
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatEmojiHelper
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$3$1: androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$3 this$1
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_list_item_height_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabTextStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.FlutterWebView$1: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.FlutterWebView this$0
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCtrHmacAeadKeyFormat: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCtrHmacAeadKeyFormat DEFAULT_INSTANCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Boolean disableVerticalScroll
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$13: int val$itemId
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationAction: java.lang.String TITLE
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebSettingsBoundaryInterface$WebAuthnSupport: int BROWSER
kotlinx.coroutines.CompletedExceptionally: int _handled
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_Title
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.Boolean setAsGroupSummary
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display4
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedWidthMajor
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_dark
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.pull_to_refresh.PullToRefreshOptions: java.lang.String color
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int hint_alpha_material_dark
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.styles.BigPictureStyleInformation: java.lang.String contentTitle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int buttonGravity
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: int[] mParentScrollConsumed
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_spinner_textfield_background_material
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String VIBRATION_PATTERN
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.styles.BigTextStyleInformation: java.lang.Boolean htmlFormatContentTitle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarDivider
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyWebStorage: io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel channel
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$interpolator: int btn_checkbox_checked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_1
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$9: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PluginScript val$pluginScript
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.EncryptedKeyset: int KEYSET_INFO_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_clear
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$anim: int btn_checkbox_to_unchecked_icon_null_animation
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] AlertDialog
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int popupWindowStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$anim: int btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_dot_group_animation
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$layout: int notification_action
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelAction: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelAction Update
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.Time repeatTime
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int View_android_theme
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_dark
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$10: android.webkit.JsPromptResult val$result
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PreferredContentModeOptionType: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PreferredContentModeOptionType[] $VALUES
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int maxButtonHeight
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_V28_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetStart
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.EncryptedKeyset: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeysetInfo keysetInfo_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserManager: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin plugin
com.facebook.AuthenticationTokenHeader: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCmacKeyFormat: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCmacKeyFormat DEFAULT_INSTANCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int arrowShaftLength
com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.GeneratedMessageLite$ExtendableMessage: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.FieldSet extensions
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeWebSearchDrawable
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.URLProtectionSpaceContract$FeedEntry: java.lang.String COLUMN_NAME_PROTOCOL
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int switch_thumb_disabled_material_light
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_cascading_menus_min_smallest_width
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageListener: java.lang.String jsObjectName
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlActivated
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin: io.flutter.embedding.engine.plugins.activity.ActivityPluginBinding activityPluginBinding
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.MessageDetails: java.lang.String text
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.util.List resourceCustomSchemes
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingEnd
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontWeight
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat_android_enterFadeDuration
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int actionViewClass
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_medium_material
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat$TranslatingCallback: androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewRenderProcessClient: java.lang.String LOG_TAG
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Line2
androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend$SplitListenerWrapper: java.util.List lastValue
kotlin.coroutines.AbstractCoroutineContextElement: kotlin.coroutines.CoroutineContext$Key key
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeysetInfo: int primaryKeyId_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int listChoiceIndicatorMultipleAnimated
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int notification_action_text_size
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
androidx.window.embedding.SplitPairFilter: android.content.ComponentName secondaryActivityName
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTrigger: java.util.List resourceType
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int dialogTheme
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.URLProtectionSpaceContract$FeedEntry: java.lang.String COLUMN_NAME_REALM
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_AutoCompleteTextView
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_stacked_max_height
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] LinearLayoutCompat_Layout
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.styles.BigPictureStyleInformation: java.lang.String summaryText
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Boolean networkAvailable
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerHandler$2: java.lang.String val$jsScript
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsOptions: java.lang.Boolean isSingleInstance
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_padding_start_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$layout: int abc_activity_chooser_view_list_item
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int Toolbar_navigationContentDescription
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$string: int fallback_menu_item_open_in_browser
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int btn_checkbox_checked_to_unchecked_mtrl_animation
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_width_overflow_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int default_activity_button
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.Boolean channelShowBadge
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int material_grey_50
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: androidx.activity.result.ActivityResultRegistry mActivityResultRegistry
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int colorSwitchThumbNormal
com.google.android.gms.signin.internal.zaa: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.NavigationActionPolicy: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.NavigationActionPolicy CANCEL
androidx.window.R$attr: int finishSecondaryWithPrimary
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_normal
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.Integer importance
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationAction: java.lang.Boolean showsUserInterface
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_selectableItemBackgroundBorderless
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int autoSizeMinTextSize
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.EncryptedKeyset: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.Parser PARSER
com.google.i18n.phonenumbers.Phonenumber$PhoneNumber: long serialVersionUID
androidx.window.R$id: int locale
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.String LOG_TAG
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.Time: java.lang.Integer hour
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Integer defaultFixedFontSize
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Boolean databaseEnabled
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$2: java.lang.String val$realm
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int alpha
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculator$Companion$decorator$1: androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculator$Companion$decorator$1 INSTANCE
com.google.android.gms.location.LocationSettingsResult: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Platform_V25_AppCompat_Light
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.Integer iconResourceId
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int customPanel
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_005
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerX
kotlin.text.Regex$Serialized: long serialVersionUID
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeyTypeEntry: int NEW_KEY_ALLOWED_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.JavaScriptBridgeInterface$2: java.lang.String val$_callHandlerID
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int tag_window_insets_animation_callback
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String INVALID_LARGE_ICON_ERROR_CODE
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCmacKey: int VERSION_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Integer textZoom
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogCornerRadius
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCmacKey: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCmacParams params_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.BuildConfig: java.lang.String LIBRARY_PACKAGE_NAME
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearancePopupMenuHeader
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_12
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Title
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_submit
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int autoSizePresetSizes
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.HmacKeyFormat: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.Parser PARSER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Borderless_Colored
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int tooltip_precise_anchor_threshold
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$interpolator: int fast_out_slow_in
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: boolean needsSave
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$anim: int abc_slide_out_bottom
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: android.view.animation.Animation mScaleDownToStartAnimation
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity$4: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int MenuItem_numericModifiers
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_switch_track_mtrl_alpha
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int right_icon
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int primaryActivityName
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int checkboxStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.PluginScriptsUtil: java.lang.String VAR_FUNCTION_ARGUMENT_NAMES
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelAction channelAction
io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation: io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation$AccessibilityDelegatingFrameLayout rootView
com.facebook.login.CustomTabLoginMethodHandler: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int itemPadding
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Small
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int action_container
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int subtitleTextColor
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int list_item
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.OnWindowBlurEventJS: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PluginScript ON_WINDOW_BLUR_EVENT_JS_PLUGIN_SCRIPT
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String SCHEDULED_DATE_TIME
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_list_focused_holo
com.facebook.AuthenticationToken: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KmsAeadKey: int VERSION_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModePasteDrawable
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int windowFixedHeightMajor
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesGcmSivKey: int KEY_VALUE_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.PluginScriptsUtil: java.lang.String VAR_FUNCTION_BODY
androidx.window.R$styleable: int SplitPairRule_finishPrimaryWithSecondary
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String GET_ACTIVE_NOTIFICATION_MESSAGING_STYLE_ERROR_CODE
androidx.concurrent.futures.AbstractResolvableFuture: androidx.concurrent.futures.AbstractResolvableFuture$Waiter waiters
com.google.android.gms.internal.auth.zzhr: com.google.android.gms.internal.auth.zzhr zzb
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int spacer
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.Keyset$Key: int STATUS_FIELD_NUMBER
androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend$ExtensionListenerImpl: androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ActionBar_elevation
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessagePort$3: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessagePort this$0
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String CALLED_AT
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int disabled_alpha_material_dark
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingStart
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabView
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_backgroundTint
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity: io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel channel
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableItem_android_drawable
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int textColorSearchUrl
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int bright_foreground_disabled_material_dark
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int action_divider
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScriptInjectionTime: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScriptInjectionTime AT_DOCUMENT_START
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.NavigationAction: boolean isRedirect
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableTop
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_item_background_holo_dark
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int actionModeCloseDrawable
androidx.window.core.Bounds: int left
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_lStar
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_13
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$string: int action_share
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$layout: int abc_screen_simple
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$8: android.webkit.WebView val$view
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.HttpAuthenticationChallenge: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLCredential proposedCredential
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivity: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.CustomTabsActionButton actionButton
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Boolean offscreenPreRaster
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyCookieManager$2: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyCookieManager this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: java.lang.Object id
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int material_grey_100
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int drawableStartCompat
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.headless_in_app_webview.HeadlessInAppWebViewManager: io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel channel
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int SplitPairFilter_primaryActivityName
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int alwaysExpand
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Boolean allowUniversalAccessFromFileURLs
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_android_popupBackground
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.RuntimeTypeAdapterFactory: java.lang.Class baseType
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_verticalDivider
androidx.window.layout.ExtensionWindowLayoutInfoBackend$MulticastConsumer: androidx.window.layout.WindowLayoutInfo lastKnownValue
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int closeIcon
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int abc_tint_default
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageListener: boolean $assertionsDisabled
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserOptions: java.lang.Boolean allowGoBackWithBackButton
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00001
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int contentInsetRight
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: int mOriginalOffsetTop
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageListener: java.util.Set allowedOriginRules
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: java.util.Set engineLifecycleListeners
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTriggerResourceType: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTriggerResourceType IMAGE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$12: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient this$0
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: java.lang.Long nativeShellHolderId
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingRight
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$17: android.webkit.ValueCallback val$resultCallback
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int titleMargins
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_emojiCompatEnabled
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PreferredContentModeOptionType: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PreferredContentModeOptionType DESKTOP
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: int PICKER_LEGACY
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int SearchView_queryHint
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int colorControlActivated
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_5
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int borderlessButtonStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTheme
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int queryHint
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Boolean allowFileAccessFromFileURLs
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebSettingsBoundaryInterface$ForceDarkBehavior: int PREFER_MEDIA_QUERY_OVER_FORCE_DARK
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.CustomTabsActionButton: byte[] icon
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.FlutterWebView: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView webView
com.google.android.gms.maps.model.PolylineOptions: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelDetails: java.lang.String CHANNEL_ACTION
com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.ByteString$BoundedByteString: long serialVersionUID
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$10: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_tooltipFrameBackground
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark_ActionBar
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_Switch
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$animator: int fragment_close_enter
androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend: java.lang.String TAG
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$3: android.net.http.SslError val$sslError
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String MILLISECONDS_SINCE_EPOCH
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebViewImplementation: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebViewImplementation NATIVE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: com.google.gson.Gson gson
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.pull_to_refresh.PullToRefreshOptions: java.lang.Integer distanceToTriggerSync
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int barLength
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelDetails: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.SoundSource soundSource
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int customNavigationLayout
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.PersonDetails: java.lang.String key
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int buttonPanelSideLayout
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int browser_actions_title_color
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: int DEFAULT_CIRCLE_TARGET
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: boolean mRefreshing
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: boolean mNestedScrollInProgress
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String COLOR_RED
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$bool: int abc_config_actionMenuItemAllCaps
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.JavaScriptBridgeInterface: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView inAppWebView
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int SplitPairRule_splitMinWidth
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_3_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_ttcIndex
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_title_item
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.styles.MessagingStyleInformation: java.util.ArrayList messages
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int alertDialogButtonGroupStyle
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesSivKeyFormat: int version_
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] FontFamilyFont
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: java.util.concurrent.CopyOnWriteArrayList mOnPictureInPictureModeChangedListeners
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_TextView_SpinnerItem
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_popupMenuStyle
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String AUTO_CANCEL
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.DispatchedContinuation: java.lang.Object _reusableCancellableContinuation
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_listItemLayout
androidx.window.core.Version: androidx.window.core.Version VERSION_1_0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar
androidx.window.core.Bounds: int top
com.google.common.util.concurrent.AbstractFuture: com.google.common.util.concurrent.AbstractFuture$Waiter waiters
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_ic_search_api_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$layout: int notification_action_tombstone
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_focusable
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableStart
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$17: android.webkit.GeolocationPermissions$Callback val$callback
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int GradientColorItem_android_color
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat_android_visible
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelDetails: java.lang.String LED_COLOR_RED
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeyTypeEntry: java.lang.String typeUrl_
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: boolean mStopped
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Platform_V21_AppCompat
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$layout: int abc_popup_menu_header_item_layout
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.DynamiteModule$DynamiteLoaderClassLoader: java.lang.ClassLoader sClassLoader
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchIcon
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelDetails: java.lang.String SOUND_SOURCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int editTextStyle
io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation: java.lang.String TAG
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_start_material
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: boolean $assertionsDisabled
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Boolean useShouldInterceptRequest
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCutDrawable
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: boolean mResumed
androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend: java.util.concurrent.CopyOnWriteArrayList splitChangeCallbacks
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelAction: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelAction CreateIfNotExists
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivity$2: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivity this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ActionBar_itemPadding
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: java.lang.String DELEGATE_TAG
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int SearchView_queryBackground
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchPadding
androidx.window.R$attr: int placeholderActivityName
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_entries
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] ActivityChooserView
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int browser_actions_menu_item_text
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetLeft
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] ActionMenuView
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int icon
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int scrollIndicatorDown
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowRadius
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String SCHEDULED_NOTIFICATIONS
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int action_mode_bar
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int SearchView_iconifiedByDefault
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCtrKey: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesCtrKey DEFAULT_INSTANCE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity: java.lang.String LOG_TAG
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeysetInfo$KeyInfo: int outputPrefixType_
androidx.window.embedding.SplitPairRule: boolean finishPrimaryWithSecondary
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_autoCompleteTextViewStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.JavaScriptBridgeInterface$2: java.lang.String val$handlerName
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$12: android.webkit.WebView val$view
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$13: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView this$0
com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.GeneratedMessageLite: int memoizedSerializedSize
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.URLCredentialDao: java.lang.String[] projection
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int notification_background
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int abc_tint_switch_track
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseDrawable
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int alertDialogCenterButtons
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessagePort$1: android.webkit.ValueCallback val$callback
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyCookieManager myCookieManager
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int buttonPanel
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_tab_indicator_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserDelegate inAppBrowserDelegate
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_MinWidth
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_ttcIndex
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_colored
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserOptions options
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Inverse
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableBottom
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$15: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView this$0
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.URLCredentialDao: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.CredentialDatabaseHelper credentialDatabaseHelper
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserOptions: java.lang.String LOG_TAG
io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation: android.widget.FrameLayout container
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionText
androidx.window.embedding.ActivityFilter: android.content.ComponentName componentName
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: java.lang.String FRAGMENTS_TAG
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.zzj: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int compat_button_inset_vertical_material
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesEaxKey: int KEY_VALUE_FIELD_NUMBER
androidx.window.layout.HardwareFoldingFeature: androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature$State state
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int primary_text_disabled_material_light
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.LockFreeTaskQueueCore: long _state
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessage: java.util.List ports
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionMenuTextColor
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Integer forceDark
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String BOT
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int tooltip_vertical_padding
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_pressed
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String LED_OFF_MS
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String ENABLE_LIGHTS
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.TrustedWebActivitySingleInstance: java.lang.String LOG_TAG
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title_Inverse
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: java.util.concurrent.CopyOnWriteArrayList mOnTrimMemoryListeners
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: androidx.lifecycle.LifecycleRegistry mLifecycleRegistry
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int material_grey_300
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_list_pressed_holo_light
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int buttonStyle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonCompat
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.ServiceWorkerManager: androidx.webkit.ServiceWorkerControllerCompat serviceWorkerController
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String PLATFORM_SPECIFICS
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String DISPATCHER_HANDLE
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_orderInCategory
com.google.android.gms.maps.model.CameraPosition: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.AesGcmKey: int KEY_VALUE_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int fontFamily
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.JavaScriptBridgeInterface$2: java.lang.String val$args
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int activityAction
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.ConnectionTelemetryConfiguration: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Integer scrollBarDefaultDelayBeforeFade
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_ic_clear_material
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.NavigationActionPolicy: int value
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: boolean initCalled
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeysetInfo: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.Parser PARSER
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingCompat: java.lang.String TAG
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int abc_edit_text_material
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String LED_COLOR_GREEN
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.SurfaceTextureWrapper: android.graphics.SurfaceTexture surfaceTexture
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Integer overScrollMode
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.Keyset$Key: int KEY_ID_FIELD_NUMBER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.ClientCertChallenge: java.security.Principal[] principals
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivity: io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel channel
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.IconSource: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.IconSource[] $VALUES
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatDelegate mDelegate
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: androidx.activity.contextaware.ContextAwareHelper mContextAwareHelper
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelDetails: java.lang.String SHOW_BADGE
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.Boolean showProgress
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: boolean mScale
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.TelemetryData: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_RESUME
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: int test_level_drawable
androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature$State: androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature$State$Companion Companion
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: float refreshRateFPS
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_stacked_tab_max_width
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScript: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.ContentWorld contentWorld
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int Toolbar_menu
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: java.util.concurrent.locks.ReentrantReadWriteLock shellHolderLock
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: int primary_material_light
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: java.util.Map embeddedViewToDisplayBounds
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: int tooltip_margin
kotlinx.coroutines.JobSupport$Finishing: java.lang.Object _exceptionsHolder
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterSplashView$SavedState: android.os.Bundle splashScreenState
com.facebook.Profile: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLRequest: java.util.Map headers
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_showTitle
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int actionModeWebSearchDrawable
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.Boolean domStorageEnabled
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String TIMEOUT_AFTER
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listDividerAlertDialog
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_9
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int finishPrimaryWithSecondary
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.lang.String ticker
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int progress_horizontal
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginBottom
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.JavaScriptBridgeJS: java.lang.String WEB_MESSAGE_CHANNELS_VARIABLE_NAME
com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.InvalidProtocolBufferException: long serialVersionUID
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int tabMode
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLCredential: java.lang.Long protectionSpaceId
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.CircularProgressDrawable mProgress
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int[] LinearLayoutCompat
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int tickMarkTint
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColorHint
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$anim: int abc_tooltip_exit
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageChannel: java.util.List ports
androidx.window.layout.ExtensionWindowLayoutInfoBackend: java.util.Map listenerToActivity
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int ActionBar_backgroundStacked
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlocker: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerAction action
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: boolean mCreated
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.Size2D: double height
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_DropDownUp
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$layout: int abc_screen_simple_overlay_action_mode
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display1
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int SplitPairFilter_secondaryActivityName
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$8: java.lang.String val$message
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int tooltipFrameBackground
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int search_mag_icon
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_DialogWhenLarge
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: java.util.Map webMessageChannels
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int action_mode_close_button
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_showDividers
androidx.window.R$styleable: int SplitPlaceholderRule_splitRatio
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int fontProviderSystemFontFamily
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient inAppWebViewClient
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: int[] mNestedScrollingV2ConsumedCompat
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: int search_src_text
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeBackground
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: int homeLayout
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar_Inverse
com.facebook.FacebookActivity: FacebookActivity()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getOverflowIcon()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.window.embedding.ActivityStack: boolean isEmpty()
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: boolean onInterceptTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
androidx.core.app.Person$Api28Impl: android.app.Person toAndroidPerson(androidx.core.app.Person)
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.HashType: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.HashType[] values()
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void onNestedScrollAccepted(android.view.View,android.view.View,int,int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeDispatchEmptyPlatformMessage(long,java.lang.String,int)
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: void onRequestPermissionsResult(int,java.lang.String[],int[])
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.DateTimeComponents: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.DateTimeComponents valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.firebase.messaging.FirebaseMessagingService: FirebaseMessagingService()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void areNotificationsEnabled(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
androidx.lifecycle.LegacySavedStateHandleController$OnRecreation: LegacySavedStateHandleController$OnRecreation()
android.support.v4.media.AudioAttributesImplApi26Parcelizer: androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplApi26 read(androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setTrimPathEnd(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setCheckMarkDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: void setFilters(android.text.InputFilter[])
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForO: android.webkit.WebViewClient getWebViewClient(android.webkit.WebView)
androidx.core.view.DisplayCutoutCompat$Api28Impl: int getSafeInsetRight(android.view.DisplayCutout)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: boolean onMenuItemSelected(int,android.view.MenuItem)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.ContentWorld: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.ContentWorld fromMap(java.util.Map)
com.google.gson.internal.LinkedTreeMap: java.lang.Object writeReplace()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.DownloadStartRequest: int hashCode()
com.google.i18n.phonenumbers.NumberParseException$ErrorType: com.google.i18n.phonenumbers.NumberParseException$ErrorType[] values()
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api24Impl: java.io.File getDataDir(android.content.Context)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void addEngineLifecycleListener(io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterEngine$EngineLifecycleListener)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeRegisterTexture(long,long,java.lang.ref.WeakReference)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: android.content.res.ColorStateList getBackgroundTintList(android.view.View)
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: void setPreventCornerOverlap(boolean)
com.facebook.appevents.ondeviceprocessing.RemoteServiceWrapper$ServiceResult: com.facebook.appevents.ondeviceprocessing.RemoteServiceWrapper$ServiceResult[] values()
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: android.content.res.Resources getResources()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.DownloadStartRequest: void setSuggestedFilename(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.HitTestResult: void setExtra(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.ClientInfo$ClientType: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.ClientInfo$ClientType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitRule: SplitRule(int,int,float,int)
androidx.window.core.Version: int compareTo(java.lang.Object)
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: void onAttachFragment(androidx.fragment.app.Fragment)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebViewProviderBoundaryInterface: android.webkit.WebViewClient getWebViewClient()
androidx.window.embedding.SplitRuleParser: androidx.window.embedding.ActivityFilter parseActivityFilter(android.content.Context,android.content.res.XmlResourceParser)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setHasNonEmbeddedTabs(boolean)
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForQ: void setWebViewRenderProcessClient(android.webkit.WebView,androidx.webkit.WebViewRenderProcessClient)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setNavigationOnClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: int[] getAutoSizeTextAvailableSizes()
androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTrackerDecorator: androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTracker decorate(androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTracker)
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: void addOnContextAvailableListener(androidx.activity.contextaware.OnContextAvailableListener)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getTranslateY()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$12: void success(java.lang.Object)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextHelper$Api26Impl: int getAutoSizeStepGranularity(android.widget.TextView)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete: void setImeVisibility(boolean)
com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PlatformWebView$-CC: void $default$onFlutterViewAttached(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PlatformWebView,android.view.View)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity: void reload()
androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend$WindowLayoutChangeCallbackWrapper: SidecarWindowBackend$WindowLayoutChangeCallbackWrapper(android.app.Activity,java.util.concurrent.Executor,androidx.core.util.Consumer)
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: void addMenuProvider(androidx.core.view.MenuProvider,androidx.lifecycle.LifecycleOwner)
androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTrackerImpl$windowLayoutInfo$1: void invokeSuspend$lambda-0(kotlinx.coroutines.channels.Channel,androidx.window.layout.WindowLayoutInfo)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitInfo: androidx.window.embedding.ActivityStack getPrimaryActivityStack()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler$3: InAppWebViewMethodHandler$3(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: float getStrokeWidth()
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForM: int getErrorCode(android.webkit.WebResourceError)
io.flutter.embedding.android.TransparencyMode: io.flutter.embedding.android.TransparencyMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidExceptionPreHandler: AndroidExceptionPreHandler()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: boolean nativeGetIsSoftwareRenderingEnabled()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$2: InAppWebViewChromeClient$2(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient,android.webkit.JsResult)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController: java.util.LinkedHashSet getPluginScriptAsList()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$18: void success(java.lang.Object)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: android.text.Spanned fromHtml(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.graphics.Insets$Api29Impl: android.graphics.Insets of(int,int,int,int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PlatformWebView$-CC: void $default$onInputConnectionLocked(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PlatformWebView)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getFixedWidthMajor()
com.google.zxing.pdf417.encoder.Compaction: com.google.zxing.pdf417.encoder.Compaction valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setDropDownWidth(int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: boolean zoomIn()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.headless_in_app_webview.HeadlessInAppWebViewManager: void dispose()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageChannel: void initJsInstance(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface,android.webkit.ValueCallback)
com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.WireFormat$JavaType: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.WireFormat$JavaType[] values()
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat: IconCompat()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.HitTestResult: java.lang.String toString()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserOptions: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserOptions parse(java.util.Map)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer: ActionBarContainer(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.app.ComponentActivity: boolean shouldDumpInternalState(java.lang.String[])
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTrigger: java.lang.Boolean getUrlFilterIsCaseSensitive()
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void onMeasure(int,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getLogo()
androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature$OcclusionType$Companion: FoldingFeature$OcclusionType$Companion()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat getIconFromSource(android.content.Context,java.lang.Object,com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.IconSource)
androidx.window.R$styleable: R$styleable()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.pull_to_refresh.PullToRefreshLayout: void prepare()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLCredential: void setPassword(java.lang.String)
androidx.window.embedding.ActivityFilter: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
androidx.core.widget.CompoundButtonCompat$Api21Impl: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getButtonTintMode(android.widget.CompoundButton)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebMessageBoundaryInterface: java.lang.reflect.InvocationHandler getMessagePayload()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.InterceptFetchRequestJS: InterceptFetchRequestJS()
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculator$Companion: WindowMetricsCalculator$Companion()
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebSettingsBoundaryInterface: int getForceDark()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: void readStyleInformation(com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails,java.util.Map)
androidx.window.layout.ExtensionWindowLayoutInfoBackend: void registerLayoutChangeCallback(android.app.Activity,java.util.concurrent.Executor,androidx.core.util.Consumer)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: int getAutoSizeMinTextSize()
androidx.core.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$Api19Impl: android.view.ViewPropertyAnimator setUpdateListener(android.view.ViewPropertyAnimator,android.animation.ValueAnimator$AnimatorUpdateListener)
com.google.i18n.phonenumbers.PhoneNumberUtil$ValidationResult: com.google.i18n.phonenumbers.PhoneNumberUtil$ValidationResult valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.window.core.Bounds: java.lang.String toString()
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: androidx.appcompat.view.menu.MenuItemImpl getItemData()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.HttpAuthenticationChallenge: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: boolean onAccessibilityHoverEvent(int,android.view.MotionEvent)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setSupportImageTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setShowingForActionMode(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLProtectionSpace: void setProtocol(java.lang.String)
com.google.gson.FieldNamingPolicy: com.google.gson.FieldNamingPolicy[] values()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessagePort$1: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.Object)
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityCreated(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
io.flutter.embedding.android.KeyData$Type: io.flutter.embedding.android.KeyData$Type[] values()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InputAwareWebView: void onFocusChanged(boolean,int,android.graphics.Rect)
androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer: androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompat read(androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: int getLastBaselineToBottomHeight()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void getActiveNotifications(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VectorDrawableDelegateState: int getChangingConfigurations()
androidx.window.core.Bounds: android.graphics.Rect toRect()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.styles.DefaultStyleInformation: DefaultStyleInformation(java.lang.Boolean,java.lang.Boolean)
com.facebook.appevents.cloudbridge.SettingsAPIFields: com.facebook.appevents.cloudbridge.SettingsAPIFields valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend$EmbeddingCallbackImpl: java.util.List getLastInfo()
androidx.core.content.FileProvider: java.lang.String[] copyOf(java.lang.String[],int)
androidx.window.java.layout.WindowInfoTrackerCallbackAdapter$addListener$1$1: java.lang.Object invoke(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForM: void close(android.webkit.WebMessagePort)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SystemUiOverlay: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SystemUiOverlay valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: boolean pageUp(boolean)
androidx.window.core.Version: androidx.window.core.Version parse(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.messenger.Messenger: Messenger()
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculator$Companion$overrideDecorator$1: androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculator invoke(androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculator)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.CredentialDatabaseHelper: void onCreate(android.database.sqlite.SQLiteDatabase)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: void onScrollStopped()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setSupportButtonTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getPivotY()
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: void addContentView(android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void detachFromNativeAndReleaseResources()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: boolean isCodePointEmojiModifierBase(int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.NavigationAction: boolean isForMainFrame()
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: boolean onStartNestedScroll(android.view.View,android.view.View,int,int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLAuthenticationChallenge: java.util.Map toMap()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyCookieManager$3: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.Object)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.lang.String getLayoutAlgorithm()
io.flutter.view.FlutterView: android.graphics.Bitmap getBitmap()
com.facebook.appevents.FlushResult: com.facebook.appevents.FlushResult valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLProtectionSpace: android.net.http.SslError getSslError()
androidx.window.embedding.SplitInfo: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PlatformWebView: void onInputConnectionLocked()
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void onNestedPreScroll(android.view.View,int,int,int[],int)
io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.WebChromeClientHostApiImpl$SecureWebChromeClient$1: boolean shouldOverrideUrlLoading(android.webkit.WebView,java.lang.String)
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTracker$Companion: void overrideDecorator(androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTrackerDecorator)
io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.WebViewHostApiImpl$WebViewPlatformView: android.view.View getView()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setWeightSum(float)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitRuleParser: java.util.Set parseSplitXml(android.content.Context,int)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void repeatNotification(android.content.Context,com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails,java.lang.Boolean)
com.facebook.appevents.codeless.internal.EventBinding$ActionType: com.facebook.appevents.codeless.internal.EventBinding$ActionType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api23Impl: android.content.res.ColorStateList getCompoundDrawableTintList(android.widget.TextView)
androidx.webkit.WebViewRenderProcessClient: void onRenderProcessUnresponsive(android.webkit.WebView,androidx.webkit.WebViewRenderProcess)
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterImageView$SurfaceKind: io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterImageView$SurfaceKind[] values()
com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.GeneratedMessageLite$MethodToInvoke: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.GeneratedMessageLite$MethodToInvoke[] values()
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: void onPanelClosed(int,android.view.Menu)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api17Impl: int getTextDirection(android.view.View)
androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature$State: java.lang.String toString()
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebSettingsBoundaryInterface: void setRequestedWithHeaderOriginAllowList(java.util.Set)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.CustomTabsHelper: CustomTabsHelper()
androidx.media.AudioAttributesCompat: AudioAttributesCompat()
io.flutter.plugins.firebase.messaging.FlutterFirebaseAppRegistrar: FlutterFirebaseAppRegistrar()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setBackgroundTintList(android.view.View,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback$AnimationCallback: android.view.WindowInsets onProgress(android.view.WindowInsets,java.util.List)
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForM: androidx.webkit.WebMessageCompat createWebMessageCompat(android.webkit.WebMessage)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$10: void run()
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$3$1: void onActivityPostStarted(android.app.Activity)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getCurrentContentInsetRight()
com.google.firebase.messaging.reporting.MessagingClientEvent$MessageType: com.google.firebase.messaging.reporting.MessagingClientEvent$MessageType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScriptInjectionTime: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScriptInjectionTime fromValue(int)
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$Api15Impl: int getMaxScrollY(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecord)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageListener: void onPostMessage(java.lang.String,android.net.Uri,boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$16: InAppWebViewChromeClient$16(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient,int)
androidx.window.core.Bounds: int getRight()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebViewImplementation: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebViewImplementation valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.firebase.installations.FirebaseInstallationsException$Status: com.google.firebase.installations.FirebaseInstallationsException$Status[] values()
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetrics: android.graphics.Rect getBounds()
androidx.core.app.ComponentActivity: boolean shouldSkipDump(java.lang.String[])
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: AppCompatTextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setItemInvoker(androidx.appcompat.view.menu.MenuBuilder$ItemInvoker)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerActionType: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerActionType[] values()
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$3: void onActivityStopped(android.app.Activity)
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$3: void onActivityPaused(android.app.Activity)
androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend: java.util.concurrent.locks.ReentrantLock access$getGlobalLock$cp()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyCookieManager$3: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.Boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController getUserContentController()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.FlutterWebView: void makeInitialLoad(java.util.HashMap)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewRenderProcessClient$1: void notImplemented()
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api26Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable createAdaptiveIconDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: int getCompoundPaddingLeft()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler$3: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setTabContainer(androidx.appcompat.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTrigger: void setLoadType(java.util.List)
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculatorCompat: android.graphics.Point getRealSizeForDisplay$window_release(android.view.Display)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageListener: void assertOriginRulesValid()
androidx.window.R$id: R$id()
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void onNestedScroll(android.view.View,int,int,int,int,int,int[])
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: void onContentChanged()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getFixedWidthMinor()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyCookieManager: java.lang.String getCookieExpirationDate(java.lang.Long)
androidx.appcompat.app.AlertController$RecycleListView: AlertController$RecycleListView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api19Impl: boolean isAttachedToWindow(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode()
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebMessagePortBoundaryInterface: void setWebMessageCallback(java.lang.reflect.InvocationHandler)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void onEndFrame()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyCookieManager: void init()
androidx.core.app.ActivityCompat$Api21Impl: void setExitSharedElementCallback(android.app.Activity,android.app.SharedElementCallback)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void zonedSchedule(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodCall,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTrackerImpl$windowLayoutInfo$1: kotlin.coroutines.Continuation create(java.lang.Object,kotlin.coroutines.Continuation)
androidx.browser.customtabs.CustomTabsCallback: android.os.Bundle extraCallbackWithResult(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: androidx.core.app.Person buildPerson(android.content.Context,com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.PersonDetails)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitController: androidx.window.embedding.SplitController getInstance()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.WebViewFeatureManager: WebViewFeatureManager(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: java.util.Map requestFocusNodeHref()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: boolean isScreenReaderFocusable(android.view.View)
androidx.window.layout.SidecarAdapter: boolean isEqualSidecarWindowLayoutInfo(androidx.window.sidecar.SidecarWindowLayoutInfo,androidx.window.sidecar.SidecarWindowLayoutInfo)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.ContextMenuOptions: java.util.Map toMap()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SystemUiOverlay: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SystemUiOverlay[] values()
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void ensureTarget()
androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTracker$-CC: void reset()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: android.net.Uri retrieveSoundResourceUri(android.content.Context,java.lang.String,com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.SoundSource)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AbsActionBarView: void setContentHeight(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.view.View getNavButtonView()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.ClientCertChallenge: java.util.Map toMap()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessagePort: WebMessagePort(java.lang.String,com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageChannel)
androidx.window.core.Bounds: int hashCode()
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidExceptionPreHandler: void handleException(kotlin.coroutines.CoroutineContext,java.lang.Throwable)
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat$DistinctElementCallback: SidecarCompat$DistinctElementCallback(androidx.window.layout.ExtensionInterfaceCompat$ExtensionCallbackInterface)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.Size2D: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportButtonTintList()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$12: void notImplemented()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InputAwareWebView: void clearFocus()
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api21Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getDrawable(android.content.Context,int)
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidExceptionPreHandler: java.lang.reflect.Method preHandler()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewRenderProcessClient: void onRenderProcessResponsive(android.webkit.WebView,androidx.webkit.WebViewRenderProcess)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setBaselineAlignedChildIndex(int)
kotlin.coroutines.jvm.internal.ContinuationImpl: kotlin.coroutines.Continuation intercepted()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTrigger: java.util.List getIfTopUrl()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setCustomSelectionActionModeCallback(android.view.ActionMode$Callback)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.CredentialDatabaseHandler: void init(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin)
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingBackend: void registerSplitListenerForActivity(android.app.Activity,java.util.concurrent.Executor,androidx.core.util.Consumer)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserOptions: java.util.Map toMap()
androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend$Companion: androidx.window.layout.ExtensionInterfaceCompat initAndVerifyExtension(android.content.Context)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setNestedScrollingEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: androidx.appcompat.view.menu.MenuItemImpl getItemData()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void getNotificationAppLaunchDetails(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingCompat: EmbeddingCompat()
com.facebook.CurrentAccessTokenExpirationBroadcastReceiver: CurrentAccessTokenExpirationBroadcastReceiver()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTriggerResourceType: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTriggerResourceType[] values()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity: android.app.Activity getActivity()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserDelegate: void didUpdateVisitedHistory(java.lang.String)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebSettingsBoundaryInterface: boolean getEnterpriseAuthenticationAppLinkPolicyEnabled()
androidx.window.embedding.ActivityStack: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: void stopLoading()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: void disposeWebMessageListeners()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setBackgroundResource(int)
androidx.window.core.Version$bigInteger$2: java.math.BigInteger invoke()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeImageHeaderCallback(long,int,int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void notifyLowMemoryWarning()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setFillColor(int)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api28Impl: java.lang.String getResPackage(java.lang.Object)
androidx.window.layout.HardwareFoldingFeature: java.lang.String toString()
androidx.window.embedding.EmptyEmbeddingComponent: EmptyEmbeddingComponent()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Util$1$1: Util$1$1(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Util$1)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: java.lang.CharSequence getAccessibilityClassName()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebViewImplementation: int rawValue()
androidx.window.embedding.EmptyEmbeddingComponent: void setEmbeddingRules(java.util.Set)
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: float getVerticalScrollFactorCompat()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: int getScrollX()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.JavaScriptBridgeInterface$2: JavaScriptBridgeInterface$2(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.JavaScriptBridgeInterface,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.util.Map,java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.DownloadStartRequest: void setContentLength(long)
androidx.appcompat.widget.FitWindowsLinearLayout: FitWindowsLinearLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTrigger: java.util.List getResourceType()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.PromisePolyfillJS: PromisePolyfillJS()
androidx.window.embedding.EmptyEmbeddingComponent: void setSplitInfoCallback(java.util.function.Consumer)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.CustomTabActivityHelper: void unbindCustomTabsService(android.app.Activity)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.URLProtectionSpaceDao: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLProtectionSpace find(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Integer)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: java.lang.Object requireViewById(android.view.View,int)
androidx.core.view.ViewGroupCompat$Api21Impl: void setTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.ContextMenuOptions: java.util.Map getRealOptions(java.lang.Object)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.CustomTabsMenuItem: CustomTabsMenuItem(int,java.lang.String)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.RepeatInterval: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.RepeatInterval valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat: void onWindowLayoutChangeListenerRemoved(android.app.Activity)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$1: void success(java.lang.Object)
io.flutter.plugins.firebase.messaging.FlutterFirebaseMessagingBackgroundService: FlutterFirebaseMessagingBackgroundService()
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebMessagePortBoundaryInterface: void postMessage(java.lang.reflect.InvocationHandler)
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void onNestedScroll(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: void onFloatingActionGlobalLayout(int,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEmojiTextHelper getEmojiTextViewHelper()
androidx.window.embedding.SplitPairFilter: boolean matchesActivityIntentPair(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.HitTestResult: HitTestResult(int,java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportButtonTintMode()
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setColorScheme(int[])
com.google.firebase.encoders.proto.Protobuf$IntEncoding: com.google.firebase.encoders.proto.Protobuf$IntEncoding[] values()
androidx.core.app.ActivityCompat$Api23Impl: boolean shouldShowRequestPermissionRationale(android.app.Activity,java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity: java.util.List getActivityResultListeners()
kotlin.jvm.internal.CallableReference: boolean isSuspend()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.HitTestResult: void setType(int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTrigger: java.lang.String getUrlFilter()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivity: void onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
androidx.core.app.AppOpsManagerCompat$Api23Impl: java.lang.String permissionToOp(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.MenuPopupWindow$MenuDropDownListView$Api17Impl: int getLayoutDirection(android.content.res.Configuration)
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForN: boolean isRedirect(android.webkit.WebResourceRequest)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageListener$1: void onPostMessage(android.webkit.WebView,androidx.webkit.WebMessageCompat,android.net.Uri,boolean,androidx.webkit.JavaScriptReplyProxy)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks()
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.SafeBrowsingResponseBoundaryInterface: void showInterstitial(boolean)
com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.GeneratedMessageLite$MethodToInvoke: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.GeneratedMessageLite$MethodToInvoke valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculator$Companion: void overrideDecorator(androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculatorDecorator)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebViewImplementation: java.lang.String toString()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.TrustedWebActivity: TrustedWebActivity()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.NavigationAction: void setRequest(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLRequest)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setCollapseContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyCookieManager: void dispose()
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: void onStop()
androidx.appcompat.widget.DropDownListView: void setListSelectionHidden(boolean)
io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.WebViewHostApiImpl$WebViewPlatformView: void setWebChromeClient(android.webkit.WebChromeClient)
io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.JavaScriptChannel: void postMessage(java.lang.String)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void getActiveNotificationMessagingStyle(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodCall,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setActionBarVisibilityCallback(androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$ActionBarVisibilityCallback)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitController$Companion: SplitController$Companion()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setDropDownBackgroundResource(int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: java.util.Map getOptions()
androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTracker$Companion: androidx.window.layout.WindowBackend windowBackend$window_release(android.content.Context)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeRunBundleAndSnapshotFromLibrary(long,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,android.content.res.AssetManager,java.util.List)
kotlin.jvm.internal.FunctionReference: kotlin.reflect.KFunction getReflected()
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: android.view.MenuItem setTooltipText(android.view.MenuItem,java.lang.CharSequence)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerActionType: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerActionType fromValue(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.headless_in_app_webview.HeadlessInAppWebViewManager: HeadlessInAppWebViewManager(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin)
androidx.window.layout.HardwareFoldingFeature: HardwareFoldingFeature(androidx.window.core.Bounds,androidx.window.layout.HardwareFoldingFeature$Type,androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature$State)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebViewImplementation: boolean equalsValue(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: void clearMatches()
androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature$State$Companion: FoldingFeature$State$Companion()
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.CreationExtras getDefaultViewModelCreationExtras()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.NavigationAction: java.util.Map toMap()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: void saveWebArchive(java.lang.String,boolean,android.webkit.ValueCallback)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: boolean isCodePointEmoji(int)
androidx.window.core.Version: androidx.window.core.Version access$getUNKNOWN$cp()
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer: IconCompatParcelizer()
androidx.lifecycle.LifecycleDispatcher$DispatcherActivityCallback: void onActivitySaveInstanceState(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.appcompat.view.ContextThemeWrapper$Api17Impl: android.content.Context createConfigurationContext(androidx.appcompat.view.ContextThemeWrapper,android.content.res.Configuration)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: float getTranslationZ(android.view.View)
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setProgressBackgroundColor(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api19Impl: void setContentChangeTypes(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,int)
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForP: java.lang.ClassLoader getWebViewClassLoader()
androidx.core.content.res.ResourcesCompat$Api23Impl: int getColor(android.content.res.Resources,int,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api28Impl: int getType(java.lang.Object)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: void readMessagingStyleInformation(com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails,java.util.Map,com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.styles.DefaultStyleInformation)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: void setSupportActionBar(androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner$Api17Impl: void setTextDirection(android.view.View,int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ServiceConnection: ServiceConnection(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ServiceConnectionCallback)
androidx.appcompat.widget.TooltipCompat$Api26Impl: void setTooltipText(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: boolean isCodePointRegionalIndicator(int)
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void onDetachedFromWindow()
androidx.versionedparcelable.CustomVersionedParcelable: CustomVersionedParcelable()
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterImageView: android.media.ImageReader getImageReader()
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetrics: int hashCode()
io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.ImagePickerDelegate$CameraDevice: io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.ImagePickerDelegate$CameraDevice[] values()
com.baseflow.geolocator.location.LocationAccuracyStatus: com.baseflow.geolocator.location.LocationAccuracyStatus valueOf(java.lang.String)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebSettingsBoundaryInterface: void setWillSuppressErrorPage(boolean)
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: void markFragmentsCreated()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.IconSource: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.IconSource[] values()
androidx.window.embedding.SplitPairFilter: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.styles.InboxStyleInformation: InboxStyleInformation(java.lang.Boolean,java.lang.Boolean,java.lang.String,java.lang.Boolean,java.lang.String,java.lang.Boolean,java.util.ArrayList,java.lang.Boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.ThreadedInputConnectionProxyAdapterView: boolean isTriggerDelayed()
androidx.core.view.ViewParentCompat$Api21Impl: void onStopNestedScroll(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity: void hide()
androidx.core.widget.ImageViewCompat$Api21Impl: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getImageTintMode(android.widget.ImageView)
androidx.window.core.Version$Companion: androidx.window.core.Version getVERSION_0_1()
io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.WebViewActivity$FlutterWebChromeClient$1: boolean shouldOverrideUrlLoading(android.webkit.WebView,java.lang.String)
androidx.security.crypto.MasterKey$KeyScheme: androidx.security.crypto.MasterKey$KeyScheme valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: AppCompatActivity(int)
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculatorCompat: int getNavigationBarHeight(android.content.Context)
kotlin.jvm.internal.FunctionReference: java.lang.String toString()
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView$Api21Impl: boolean getClipToPadding(android.view.ViewGroup)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getTitleMarginEnd()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setAllCaps(boolean)
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterTextureView: io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer getAttachedRenderer()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.DisplayListenerProxy: DisplayListenerProxy()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: void reload()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void setTimeoutAfter(com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails,androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setFilters(android.text.InputFilter[])
androidx.appcompat.widget.FitWindowsFrameLayout: void setOnFitSystemWindowsListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup$OnFitSystemWindowsListener)
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: android.view.MenuItem setNumericShortcut(android.view.MenuItem,char,int)
com.google.firebase.messaging.reporting.MessagingClientEvent$Event: com.google.firebase.messaging.reporting.MessagingClientEvent$Event valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: android.os.Bundle lambda$new$0()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLRequest: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLRequest fromMap(java.util.Map)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: androidx.appcompat.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$Delegate getDrawerToggleDelegate()
androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend: java.util.Set getSplitRules()
androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature: androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature$Orientation getOrientation()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: android.view.ActionMode$Callback getCustomSelectionActionModeCallback()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageChannel: java.util.Map toMap()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$4: InAppWebViewClient$4(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient,android.webkit.WebView,android.webkit.ClientCertRequest)
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityDestroyed(android.app.Activity)
androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTrackerImpl$windowLayoutInfo$1: java.lang.Object invokeSuspend(java.lang.Object)
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: void ensureViewModelStore()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivity: void onMethodCall(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodCall,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setChecked(boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.headless_in_app_webview.HeadlessInAppWebView: HeadlessInAppWebView(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin,java.lang.String,com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.FlutterWebView)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLProtectionSpace: java.lang.String toString()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void runBundleAndSnapshotFromLibrary(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,android.content.res.AssetManager,java.util.List)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$DisplayFeatureState: io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$DisplayFeatureState[] values()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.utils.BooleanUtils: BooleanUtils()
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: void startIntentSenderFromFragment(androidx.fragment.app.Fragment,android.content.IntentSender,int,android.content.Intent,int,int,int,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: SearchView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setAllCaps(boolean)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void scheduleNotification(android.content.Context,com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails,java.lang.Boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean dispatchNestedScroll(android.view.View,int,int,int,int,int[])
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.TrustedWebActivity: void prepareCustomTabsIntent(androidx.browser.trusted.TrustedWebActivityIntent)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyWebStorage: void getQuotaForOrigin(java.lang.String,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
androidx.core.widget.ListViewCompat$Api19Impl: void scrollListBy(android.widget.ListView,int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler$4: InAppWebViewMethodHandler$4(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyWebStorage$1: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.Object)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$5: void onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
androidx.window.core.Bounds: Bounds(int,int,int,int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$17: void error(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Object)
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api21Impl: java.io.File getCodeCacheDir(android.content.Context)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setLogoDescription(int)
com.facebook.login.DeviceAuthDialog: DeviceAuthDialog()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.IconSource: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.IconSource valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: void onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.CreateWindowAction: boolean isDialog()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyCookieManager: void setCookie(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Long,java.lang.Integer,java.lang.Boolean,java.lang.Boolean,java.lang.String,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setCustomSelectionActionModeCallback(android.view.ActionMode$Callback)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.ContentWorld: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.URLCredentialDao: URLCredentialDao(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.CredentialDatabaseHelper)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.PluginScriptsUtil: PluginScriptsUtil()
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebViewProviderBoundaryInterface: android.webkit.WebChromeClient getWebChromeClient()
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat$TranslatingCallback: void onDeviceStateChanged(androidx.window.sidecar.SidecarDeviceState)
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForQ: boolean terminate(android.webkit.WebViewRenderProcess)
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.scheduling.jobscheduling.AlarmManagerSchedulerBroadcastReceiver: AlarmManagerSchedulerBroadcastReceiver()
com.google.firebase.iid.FirebaseInstanceId: com.google.firebase.iid.FirebaseInstanceId getInstance(com.google.firebase.FirebaseApp)
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: void onMultiWindowModeChanged(boolean)
androidx.lifecycle.LifecycleDispatcher$DispatcherActivityCallback: LifecycleDispatcher$DispatcherActivityCallback()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.ServiceWorkerManager: void setServiceWorkerClient(java.lang.Boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$4$1: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api19Impl: java.io.File[] getObbDirs(android.content.Context)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setSubtitleTextColor(int)
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void startScaleDownAnimation(android.view.animation.Animation$AnimationListener)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void cancel(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodCall,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
kotlin.coroutines.AbstractCoroutineContextElement: kotlin.coroutines.CoroutineContext plus(kotlin.coroutines.CoroutineContext)
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingCompat$Companion: boolean isEmbeddingAvailable()
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingBackend: void unregisterSplitListenerForActivity(androidx.core.util.Consumer)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: void injectDeferredObject(java.lang.String,com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.ContentWorld,java.lang.String,android.webkit.ValueCallback)
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: float getTopFadingEdgeStrength()
androidx.core.content.FileProvider: int update(android.net.Uri,android.content.ContentValues,java.lang.String,java.lang.String[])
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api21Impl: void setTintList(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.content.FileProvider: int delete(android.net.Uri,java.lang.String,java.lang.String[])
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setFillAlpha(float)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTrigger: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTrigger fromMap(java.util.Map)
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingTranslatingCallback: void accept(java.lang.Object)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.ActivityResultListener: boolean onActivityResult(int,int,android.content.Intent)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitPairFilter: int hashCode()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: android.net.Uri getOutputUri(java.lang.String)
androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend: void getSplitChangeCallbacks$annotations()
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: boolean onNestedFling(android.view.View,float,float,boolean)
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeyData$KeyMaterialType: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeyData$KeyMaterialType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$LifecycleImpact: androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$LifecycleImpact valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.CreateWindowAction: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLCredential: int hashCode()
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: void onPictureInPictureModeChanged(boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient: void access$501(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient,android.webkit.WebView,android.webkit.SslErrorHandler,android.net.http.SslError)
io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.WebViewClientHostApiImpl$WebViewClientCompatImpl: boolean shouldOverrideUrlLoading(android.webkit.WebView,java.lang.String)
com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.zzd: zzd()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.SurfaceTextureWrapper: void updateTexImage()
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPaused(android.app.Activity)
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForP: android.webkit.TracingController getTracingControllerInstance()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLRequest: void setMethod(java.lang.String)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.RepeatInterval: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.RepeatInterval[] $values()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity: void onActivityResult(int,int,android.content.Intent)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitPairRule: androidx.window.embedding.SplitPairRule plus$window_release(androidx.window.embedding.SplitPairFilter)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$18: void error(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Object)
androidx.appcompat.widget.MenuPopupWindow$Api23Impl: void setExitTransition(android.widget.PopupWindow,android.transition.Transition)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setAllCaps(boolean)
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: android.view.View$OnApplyWindowInsetsListener getInsetsListener()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.DownloadStartRequest: java.lang.String getUrl()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: float getZ(android.view.View)
androidx.core.app.ActivityCompat$Api23Impl: void requestPermissions(android.app.Activity,java.lang.String[],int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$DeviceOrientation: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$DeviceOrientation valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.core.widget.CompoundButtonCompat$Api21Impl: void setButtonTintList(android.widget.CompoundButton,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InputAwareWebView: void unlockInputConnection()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTrigger: java.util.regex.Pattern getUrlFilterPatternCompiled()
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: androidx.savedstate.SavedStateRegistry getSavedStateRegistry()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getMinWidthMinor()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$DeviceOrientation: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$DeviceOrientation[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: boolean onPrepareOptionsPanel(android.view.View,android.view.Menu)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setOnMenuItemClickListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar$OnMenuItemClickListener)
androidx.loader.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status: androidx.loader.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setVisibility(int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.RequestPermissionHandler: RequestPermissionHandler()
androidx.core.content.res.ResourcesCompat$Api23Impl: android.content.res.ColorStateList getColorStateList(android.content.res.Resources,int,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.FlutterFirebasePluginRegistry: com.google.android.gms.tasks.Task getPluginConstantsForFirebaseApp(com.google.firebase.FirebaseApp)
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForN: boolean getBlockNetworkLoads(android.webkit.ServiceWorkerWebSettings)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setTextClassifier(android.view.textclassifier.TextClassifier)
androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend$WindowLayoutChangeCallbackWrapper: androidx.window.layout.WindowLayoutInfo getLastInfo()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$11: InAppWebView$11(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebkitToCompatConverterBoundaryInterface: java.lang.Object convertWebMessagePort(java.lang.reflect.InvocationHandler)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void onDetachedFromActivityForConfigChanges()
androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend: void unregisterLayoutChangeCallback(androidx.core.util.Consumer)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebSettingsBoundaryInterface: java.util.Set getRequestedWithHeaderOriginAllowList()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setSupportAllCaps(boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: void addWebMessageListener(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageListener)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.CustomTabsHelper: java.lang.String[] getPackages()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void prefetchDefaultFontManager()
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingAdapter: java.util.function.Predicate translateActivityPairPredicates(java.util.Set)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorView: void setOnDescendantFocusChangeListener(android.view.View$OnFocusChangeListener)
androidx.core.view.ViewParentCompat$Api21Impl: void onNestedScroll(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
com.google.android.gms.maps.GoogleMapOptions: GoogleMapOptions()
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebMessagePayloadBoundaryInterface: java.lang.String getAsString()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: boolean isValidDrawableResource(android.content.Context,java.lang.String,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result,java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setBaselineAligned(boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.CustomTabsActionButton: CustomTabsActionButton(int,byte[],java.lang.String,boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: boolean onShowFileChooser(android.webkit.WebView,android.webkit.ValueCallback,android.webkit.WebChromeClient$FileChooserParams)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPathRenderer: float getAlpha()
com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.ByteString$BoundedByteString: void readObject(java.io.ObjectInputStream)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.CustomTabsActionButton: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.CustomTabsActionButton fromMap(java.util.Map)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: android.graphics.Bitmap nativeGetBitmap(long)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.ThreadedInputConnectionProxyAdapterView: android.os.IBinder getWindowToken()
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.StaticsBoundaryInterface: void initSafeBrowsing(android.content.Context,android.webkit.ValueCallback)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.CredentialDatabaseHandler: void dispose()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: boolean nativeFlutterTextUtilsIsEmoji(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForOMR1: void showInterstitial(android.webkit.SafeBrowsingResponse,boolean)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api23Impl: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getCompoundDrawableTintMode(android.widget.TextView)
com.facebook.appevents.cloudbridge.ConversionsAPIUserAndAppDataField: com.facebook.appevents.cloudbridge.ConversionsAPIUserAndAppDataField[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivity$2: void onNavigationEvent(int,android.os.Bundle)
kotlin.jvm.internal.CallableReference: CallableReference()
com.facebook.appevents.AppEventsLogger$FlushBehavior: com.facebook.appevents.AppEventsLogger$FlushBehavior[] values()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeSurfaceDestroyed(long)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.JavaScriptBridgeInterface: void _hideContextMenu()
androidx.core.app.ActivityCompat$Api16Impl: void finishAffinity(android.app.Activity)
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void startProgressAlphaMaxAnimation()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: android.net.Uri[] getSelectedFiles(android.content.Intent,int)
androidx.core.app.NavUtils$Api16Impl: boolean navigateUpTo(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void updateRefreshRate()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: void goBack()
androidx.window.embedding.SplitPairRule: int hashCode()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: boolean onCreateWindow(android.webkit.WebView,boolean,boolean,android.os.Message)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$10$1: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.String)
androidx.window.layout.WindowBackend: void unregisterLayoutChangeCallback(androidx.core.util.Consumer)
com.facebook.appevents.AccessTokenAppIdPair$SerializationProxyV1: java.lang.Object readResolve()
kotlin.jvm.internal.FunctionReference: kotlin.reflect.KCallable computeReflected()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivity$1: void onCustomTabsConnected()
com.facebook.internal.SmartLoginOption: com.facebook.internal.SmartLoginOption valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.firebase.concurrent.UiExecutor: com.google.firebase.concurrent.UiExecutor valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.ClientCertChallenge: ClientCertChallenge(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLProtectionSpace,java.security.Principal[],java.lang.String[])
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: boolean isCodePointVariantSelector(int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController: java.util.LinkedHashSet getPluginScriptsRequiredInAllContentWorlds()
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat$FirstAttachAdapter: void onViewAttachedToWindow(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer: android.view.View getTabContainer()
com.google.android.gms.maps.MapsInitializer$Renderer: com.google.android.gms.maps.MapsInitializer$Renderer valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.appevents.PersistedEvents: java.lang.Object writeReplace()
androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplApi21Parcelizer: void write(androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplApi21,androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebSettingsBoundaryInterface: void setOffscreenPreRaster(boolean)
androidx.core.os.LocaleListCompat$Api24Impl: android.os.LocaleList createLocaleList(java.util.Locale[])
com.baseflow.geolocator.location.LocationAccuracy: com.baseflow.geolocator.location.LocationAccuracy[] values()
io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.FlutterFirebasePluginRegistry: com.google.android.gms.tasks.Task didReinitializeFirebaseCore()
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: void removeOnNewIntentListener(androidx.core.util.Consumer)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$bool: R$bool()
com.google.android.gms.internal.auth.zzhn: com.google.android.gms.internal.auth.zzhn[] values()
com.google.zxing.common.CharacterSetECI: com.google.zxing.common.CharacterSetECI[] values()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: java.io.File getCapturedFile(java.lang.String)
androidx.window.R: R()
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingInterfaceCompat: void setEmbeddingCallback(androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingInterfaceCompat$EmbeddingCallbackInterface)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient: void onReceivedSslError(android.webkit.WebView,android.webkit.SslErrorHandler,android.net.http.SslError)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsOptions: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsOptions parse(java.util.Map)
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: void onNewIntent(android.content.Intent)
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat: androidx.window.layout.ExtensionInterfaceCompat$ExtensionCallbackInterface access$getExtensionCallback$p(androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat)
androidx.core.content.FileProvider: java.lang.Object[] copyOf(java.lang.Object[],int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack$FlutterMutatorType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack$FlutterMutatorType[] values()
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat$Companion: SidecarCompat$Companion()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.RuntimeTypeAdapterFactory: RuntimeTypeAdapterFactory(java.lang.Class,java.lang.String)
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeyData$KeyMaterialType: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeyData$KeyMaterialType[] values()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.DownloadStartRequest: java.lang.String getSuggestedFilename()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyCookieManager$1: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.Object)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity: boolean canGoForward()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.plugins.lifecycle.HiddenLifecycleReference: HiddenLifecycleReference(androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setForceShowIcon(boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InputAwareWebView: void setContainerView(android.view.View)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitController: androidx.window.embedding.SplitController access$getGlobalInstance$cp()
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebSettingsBoundaryInterface: int getDisabledActionModeMenuItems()
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculatorCompat: WindowMetricsCalculatorCompat()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPathRenderer: int getRootAlpha()
androidx.lifecycle.LifecycleDispatcher$DispatcherActivityCallback: void onActivityCreated(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
com.google.crypto.tink.config.internal.TinkFipsUtil$AlgorithmFipsCompatibility: com.google.crypto.tink.config.internal.TinkFipsUtil$AlgorithmFipsCompatibility[] values()
androidx.core.os.BundleApi21ImplKt: void putSizeF(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String,android.util.SizeF)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: java.lang.CharSequence getSubtitle()
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: java.lang.CharSequence getContentDescription(android.view.MenuItem)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: boolean supportRequestWindowFeature(int)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitRule: SplitRule(int,int,float,int,int,kotlin.jvm.internal.DefaultConstructorMarker)
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: void onPanelClosed(int,android.view.Menu)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: boolean onJsPrompt(android.webkit.WebView,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,android.webkit.JsPromptResult)
androidx.window.layout.SidecarAdapter$Companion: void setSidecarDisplayFeatures(androidx.window.sidecar.SidecarWindowLayoutInfo,java.util.List)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api23Impl: android.net.Uri getUri(java.lang.Object)
androidx.core.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat$Api17Impl: void resolveLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLCredential: java.lang.String getUsername()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: int getSuggestionRowLayout()
androidx.window.java.layout.WindowInfoTrackerCallbackAdapter$addListener$1$1: kotlin.coroutines.Continuation create(java.lang.Object,kotlin.coroutines.Continuation)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getRotation()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.ScheduledNotificationReceiver: ScheduledNotificationReceiver()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.ThreadedInputConnectionProxyAdapterView: boolean isFocused()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.Size2D: double getHeight()
androidx.core.view.ViewParentCompat$Api21Impl: boolean onStartNestedScroll(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserOptions: InAppBrowserOptions()
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: NestedScrollView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat: androidx.window.layout.SidecarAdapter access$getSidecarAdapter$p(androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api17Impl: void setPaddingRelative(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$3: void onCancel(android.content.DialogInterface)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: boolean onRequestPermissionsResult(int,java.lang.String[],int[])
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$2: InAppWebView$2(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView)
androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend: void unregisterRule(androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingRule)
io.flutter.embedding.android.RenderMode: io.flutter.embedding.android.RenderMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend: androidx.window.layout.ExtensionInterfaceCompat getWindowExtension()
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebkitToCompatConverterBoundaryInterface: java.lang.reflect.InvocationHandler convertWebResourceRequest(android.webkit.WebResourceRequest)
com.google.android.datatransport.Priority: com.google.android.datatransport.Priority[] values()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.CredentialDatabaseHelper: CredentialDatabaseHelper(android.content.Context)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api21Impl: boolean canApplyTheme(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void onNestedScroll(android.view.View,int,int,int,int,int)
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: boolean startNestedScroll(int,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: void onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.CustomTabActivityHelper: void openCustomTab(android.app.Activity,androidx.browser.customtabs.CustomTabsIntent,android.net.Uri,int)
androidx.exifinterface.media.ExifInterfaceUtils$Api21Impl: java.io.FileDescriptor dup(java.io.FileDescriptor)
com.facebook.HttpMethod: com.facebook.HttpMethod[] values()
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebkitToCompatConverterBoundaryInterface: java.lang.Object convertServiceWorkerSettings(java.lang.reflect.InvocationHandler)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$10$1: InAppWebView$10$1(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$10)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitRuleParser: androidx.window.embedding.SplitPairFilter parseSplitPairFilter(android.content.Context,android.content.res.XmlResourceParser)
androidx.core.content.FileProvider: FileProvider(int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void registerTexture(long,io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.SurfaceTextureWrapper)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void setCategory(com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails,androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyWebStorage$3: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.Long)
androidx.window.layout.HardwareFoldingFeature$Type: androidx.window.layout.HardwareFoldingFeature$Type access$getHINGE$cp()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyCookieManager$2: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.Object)
androidx.core.app.AppOpsManagerCompat$Api29Impl: int checkOpNoThrow(android.app.AppOpsManager,java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String)
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void onStopNestedScroll(android.view.View,int)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.utils.StringUtils: StringUtils()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: int getPreferredHeight()
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForM: void setOffscreenPreRaster(android.webkit.WebSettings,boolean)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setStrokeWidth(float)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: void loadFile(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient: void access$801(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient,android.webkit.WebView,android.webkit.ClientCertRequest)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.CreateWindowAction: void setDialog(boolean)
androidx.core.graphics.PaintCompat$Api23Impl: boolean hasGlyph(android.graphics.Paint,java.lang.String)
com.google.firebase.encoders.proto.Protobuf$IntEncoding: com.google.firebase.encoders.proto.Protobuf$IntEncoding valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void updateJavaAssetManager(android.content.res.AssetManager,java.lang.String)
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.backends.TransportBackendDiscovery: TransportBackendDiscovery()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: void adjustFloatingContextMenuPosition()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.CreateWindowAction: java.util.Map toMap()
kotlin.coroutines.jvm.internal.BaseContinuationImpl: void releaseIntercepted()
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setProgressBackgroundColorSchemeColor(int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$7: InAppWebViewChromeClient$7(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient,android.webkit.JsResult)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.CustomTabActivityHelper: CustomTabActivityHelper()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.SoundSource: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.SoundSource[] $values()
androidx.window.embedding.SplitController: void unregisterRule(androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingRule)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: void onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
androidx.window.layout.WindowLayoutInfo: java.lang.String toString()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: void openFileChooser(android.webkit.ValueCallback)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: void setPlugin(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin)
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.CctBackendFactory: com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.backends.TransportBackend create(com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.backends.CreationContext)
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: void setUseCompatPadding(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEmojiTextHelper getEmojiTextViewHelper()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLProtectionSpace: java.lang.Long getId()
androidx.window.embedding.SplitRule: int getMinWidth()
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterActivity: FlutterActivity()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewRenderProcessClient$2: InAppWebViewRenderProcessClient$2(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewRenderProcessClient,androidx.webkit.WebViewRenderProcess)
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: boolean isNestedScrollingEnabled()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.window.layout.DisplayCompatHelperApi28: DisplayCompatHelperApi28()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setTransitioning(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetEnd()
androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend$WindowLayoutChangeCallbackWrapper: androidx.core.util.Consumer getCallback()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void removeIsDisplayingFlutterUiListener(io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterUiDisplayListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.baseflow.geolocator.location.ServiceStatus: com.baseflow.geolocator.location.ServiceStatus[] values()
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void finishSpinner(float)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: boolean onJsConfirm(android.webkit.WebView,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,android.webkit.JsResult)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode()
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: androidx.lifecycle.ViewModelProvider$Factory getDefaultViewModelProviderFactory()
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api21Impl: void setHotspotBounds(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int,int,int,int)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: void readBigPictureStyleInformation(com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails,java.util.Map,com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.styles.DefaultStyleInformation)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.CustomTabsHelper: java.lang.String getPackageNameToUse(android.content.Context)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.DropDataContentProviderBoundaryInterface: boolean onCreate()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$17: void success(java.lang.Object)
androidx.appcompat.view.WindowCallbackWrapper$Api26Impl: void onPointerCaptureChanged(android.view.Window$Callback,boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.NavigationActionPolicy: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.NavigationActionPolicy[] values()
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebMessagePortBoundaryInterface: void setWebMessageCallback(java.lang.reflect.InvocationHandler,android.os.Handler)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitPairRule: boolean getClearTop()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$17: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: android.content.Intent getFileChooserIntent(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity: void goForwardButtonClicked(android.view.MenuItem)
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: boolean onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForM: void postMessage(android.webkit.WebMessagePort,android.webkit.WebMessage)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient: void access$901(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient,android.webkit.WebView,android.webkit.WebResourceRequest,int,android.webkit.SafeBrowsingResponse)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.DateTimeComponents: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.DateTimeComponents[] $values()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient: void onReceivedHttpError(android.webkit.WebView,android.webkit.WebResourceRequest,android.webkit.WebResourceResponse)
io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation: SingleViewPresentation(android.content.Context,android.view.Display,io.flutter.plugin.platform.AccessibilityEventsDelegate,io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation$PresentationState,android.view.View$OnFocusChangeListener,boolean)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer: androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat read(androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyWebStorage$3: MyWebStorage$3(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyWebStorage,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: int getLayoutResource()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient: void onReceivedError(android.webkit.WebView,android.webkit.WebResourceRequest,android.webkit.WebResourceError)
androidx.core.app.AppOpsManagerCompat$Api23Impl: int noteProxyOpNoThrow(android.app.AppOpsManager,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$WorkerState: kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$WorkerState[] values()
com.facebook.appevents.cloudbridge.AppEventUserAndAppDataField: com.facebook.appevents.cloudbridge.AppEventUserAndAppDataField[] values()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: boolean hasInvalidIcon(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result,java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$Api29Impl: void setInputMethodMode(androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setAllCaps(boolean)
android.support.v4.media.AudioAttributesImplApi21Parcelizer: void write(androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplApi21,androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: InAppWebView(android.content.Context)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebkitToCompatConverterBoundaryInterface: java.lang.reflect.InvocationHandler convertSafeBrowsingResponse(java.lang.Object)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: boolean onNewIntent(android.content.Intent)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$1: InAppWebView$1(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView)
androidx.core.app.ComponentActivity: androidx.core.app.ComponentActivity$ExtraData getExtraData(java.lang.Class)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserDelegate: android.app.Activity getActivity()
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingAdapter: java.util.function.Predicate translateActivityIntentPredicates(java.util.Set)
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api16Impl: void startActivity(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent,android.os.Bundle)
com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.FieldType$Collection: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.FieldType$Collection[] values()
androidx.appcompat.resources.Compatibility$Api15Impl: void getValueForDensity(android.content.res.Resources,int,int,android.util.TypedValue,boolean)
android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer: void write(androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat,androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void setPlatformViewsController(io.flutter.plugin.platform.PlatformViewsController)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: void setExpandedActionViewsExclusive(boolean)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitController: java.util.concurrent.locks.ReentrantLock access$getGlobalLock$cp()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserOptions: java.util.Map getRealOptions(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity)
androidx.window.layout.ExtensionWindowLayoutInfoBackend: ExtensionWindowLayoutInfoBackend(androidx.window.extensions.layout.WindowLayoutComponent)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlocker: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
kotlin.jvm.internal.FunctionReference: boolean isInline()
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculator$Companion$reset$1: WindowMetricsCalculator$Companion$reset$1()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.FlutterWebView: android.view.View getView()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Options: java.util.Map toMap()
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebSettingsBoundaryInterface: void setWebAuthnSupport(int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InputAwareWebView: boolean isCalledFromListPopupWindowShow()
io.flutter.plugin.platform.PlatformViewFactory: io.flutter.plugin.platform.PlatformView create(android.content.Context,int,java.lang.Object)
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback$AnimationCallback: ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback$AnimationCallback(io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback)
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForO: android.content.pm.PackageInfo getCurrentWebViewPackage()
androidx.window.layout.SidecarAdapter$Companion: void setSidecarDevicePosture(androidx.window.sidecar.SidecarDeviceState,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Api23Impl: android.text.StaticLayout createStaticLayoutForMeasuring(java.lang.CharSequence,android.text.Layout$Alignment,int,int,android.widget.TextView,android.text.TextPaint,androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitController: void removeSplitListener(androidx.core.util.Consumer)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: void setWebMessageChannels(java.util.Map)
androidx.window.core.Bounds: int getBottom()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin getPlugin()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: AppCompatImageView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.window.core.Version: java.lang.String toString()
androidx.core.widget.PopupWindowCompat$Api23Impl: void setOverlapAnchor(android.widget.PopupWindow,boolean)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void cleanupMessageData(long)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setTextClassifier(android.view.textclassifier.TextClassifier)
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$TextDirection: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$TextDirection[] values()
androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTrackerImpl: kotlinx.coroutines.flow.Flow windowLayoutInfo(android.app.Activity)
androidx.window.embedding.ActivityStack: java.util.List getActivities$window_release()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.IconSource: IconSource(java.lang.String,int)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.ServiceWorkerWebSettingsBoundaryInterface: void setBlockNetworkLoads(boolean)
okhttp3.internal.publicsuffix.PublicSuffixDatabase: PublicSuffixDatabase()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: void clearAllCache()
kotlin.coroutines.jvm.internal.SuspendLambda: SuspendLambda(int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageChannel$2: void onMessage(androidx.webkit.WebMessagePortCompat,androidx.webkit.WebMessageCompat)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetLeft()
androidx.window.layout.ExtensionWindowLayoutInfoBackend$MulticastConsumer: boolean isEmpty()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.pull_to_refresh.PullToRefreshLayout: PullToRefreshLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$6: void onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$3: InAppWebView$3(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler: void onMethodCall(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodCall,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: void onPictureInPictureModeChanged(boolean,android.content.res.Configuration)
com.facebook.login.DefaultAudience: com.facebook.login.DefaultAudience[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTrigger: java.util.List getUnlessDomain()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerAction: java.lang.String getSelector()
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api24Impl: android.icu.text.DecimalFormatSymbols getInstance(java.util.Locale)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void asyncWaitForVsync(long)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.util.Map describeIcon(androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api17Impl: int getLayoutDirection(android.view.View)
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.QosTier: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.QosTier[] values()
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: android.content.Context peekAvailableContext()
io.flutter.plugins.firebase.messaging.JobIntentService: JobIntentService()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
okio.ByteString: void readObject(java.io.ObjectInputStream)
androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend$Companion: androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend getInstance(android.content.Context)
androidx.core.widget.CompoundButtonCompat$Api21Impl: android.content.res.ColorStateList getButtonTintList(android.widget.CompoundButton)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessagePort: void close(android.webkit.ValueCallback)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.DisplayListenerProxy$1: void onDisplayChanged(int)
com.google.android.gms.internal.auth.zzby: com.google.android.gms.internal.auth.zzby[] values()
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$3: void onActivityCreated(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController: java.util.LinkedHashSet getPluginScriptsAt(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScriptInjectionTime)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.SoundSource: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.SoundSource[] values()
com.google.zxing.oned.Code128Writer$CType: com.google.zxing.oned.Code128Writer$CType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.headless_in_app_webview.HeadlessInAppWebView: void setSize(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.Size2D)
com.google.firebase.datatransport.TransportRegistrar: TransportRegistrar()
androidx.core.content.FileProvider: android.net.Uri insert(android.net.Uri,android.content.ContentValues)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebViewClientBoundaryInterface: void onReceivedHttpError(android.webkit.WebView,android.webkit.WebResourceRequest,android.webkit.WebResourceResponse)
androidx.browser.customtabs.CustomTabsCallback: void onNavigationEvent(int,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getFixedHeightMinor()
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: float getCardElevation()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController: java.lang.String escapeContentWorldName(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.CustomTabActivityHelper: androidx.browser.customtabs.CustomTabsSession getSession()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.ContentWorld: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.ContentWorld world(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getDividerWidth()
com.google.firebase.concurrent.UiExecutor: com.google.firebase.concurrent.UiExecutor[] values()
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingCompat$Companion: EmbeddingCompat$Companion()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$1: void notImplemented()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessage: WebMessage(java.lang.String,java.util.List)
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForM: void postVisualStateCallback(android.webkit.WebView,long,androidx.webkit.WebViewCompat$VisualStateCallback)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeDispatchSemanticsAction(long,int,int,java.nio.ByteBuffer,int)
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat$DistinctSidecarElementCallback: SidecarCompat$DistinctSidecarElementCallback(androidx.window.layout.SidecarAdapter,androidx.window.sidecar.SidecarInterface$SidecarCallback)
com.google.android.gms.common.SupportErrorDialogFragment: SupportErrorDialogFragment()
com.facebook.appevents.internal.AppEventsLoggerUtility$GraphAPIActivityType: com.facebook.appevents.internal.AppEventsLoggerUtility$GraphAPIActivityType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.appevents.codeless.internal.EventBinding$MappingMethod: com.facebook.appevents.codeless.internal.EventBinding$MappingMethod valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient: void onShouldOverrideUrlLoading(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.util.Map,boolean,boolean,boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFileProvider: InAppWebViewFileProvider()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: void setUserContentController(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setShowDividers(int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient: void doUpdateVisitedHistory(android.webkit.WebView,java.lang.String,boolean)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.StaticsBoundaryInterface: boolean isMultiProcessEnabled()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.CustomTabsMenuItem: int getId()
com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.FieldType: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.FieldType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.window.layout.ExtensionWindowLayoutInfoBackend$MulticastConsumer: ExtensionWindowLayoutInfoBackend$MulticastConsumer(android.app.Activity)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.FlutterWebView: void onInputConnectionUnlocked()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity$2: InAppBrowserActivity$2(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void onReattachedToActivityForConfigChanges(io.flutter.embedding.engine.plugins.activity.ActivityPluginBinding)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebMessagePortBoundaryInterface: void close()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: void setOnInflateListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat$OnInflateListener)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitController: void setStaticSplitRules(java.util.Set)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: int getInflatedId()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setImageResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: float getWeightSum()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.Size2D: void setWidth(double)
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: android.view.View platformViewOfNode(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: void postOnAnimationDelayed(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable,long)
androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature: androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature$State getState()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScript: void setInjectionTime(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScriptInjectionTime)
androidx.browser.customtabs.CustomTabsServiceConnection: void setApplicationContext(android.content.Context)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$MessagingStyle$Message createMessage(android.content.Context,com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.MessageDetails)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getOrientation()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorView: android.graphics.Matrix getPlatformViewMatrix()
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityStarted(android.app.Activity)
com.google.i18n.phonenumbers.NumberParseException$ErrorType: com.google.i18n.phonenumbers.NumberParseException$ErrorType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.window.layout.SidecarAdapter: boolean isEqualSidecarDisplayFeatures(java.util.List,java.util.List)
com.facebook.internal.FacebookDialogFragment: FacebookDialogFragment()
androidx.core.app.RemoteInput$Api20Impl: void addResultsToIntent(java.lang.Object,android.content.Intent,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.exifinterface.media.ExifInterfaceUtils$Api23Impl: void setDataSource(android.media.MediaMetadataRetriever,android.media.MediaDataSource)
androidx.window.layout.ExtensionWindowLayoutInfoBackend$MulticastConsumer: void addListener(androidx.core.util.Consumer)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void dispatchSemanticsAction(int,io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: ActionBarOverlayLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingAdapter: EmbeddingAdapter()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.DownloadStartRequest: java.lang.String toString()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.URLProtectionSpaceDao: URLProtectionSpaceDao(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.CredentialDatabaseHelper)
androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplApi21Parcelizer: androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplApi21 read(androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyWebStorage: void getUsageForOrigin(java.lang.String,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
androidx.core.view.DisplayCutoutCompat$Api28Impl: int getSafeInsetLeft(android.view.DisplayCutout)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitController: SplitController(kotlin.jvm.internal.DefaultConstructorMarker)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setOverflowIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: java.lang.Boolean acceptsImages(java.lang.String[])
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$8: void notImplemented()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: void readLargeIconInformation(com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails,java.util.Map)
androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTrackerImpl$windowLayoutInfo$1: java.lang.Object invoke(kotlinx.coroutines.flow.FlowCollector,kotlin.coroutines.Continuation)
androidx.core.app.ComponentActivity: boolean dispatchKeyEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
androidx.window.embedding.ActivityRule: boolean getAlwaysExpand()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelDetails: NotificationChannelDetails()
androidx.core.app.NavUtils$Api16Impl: boolean shouldUpRecreateTask(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api31Impl: androidx.core.view.ContentInfoCompat performReceiveContent(android.view.View,androidx.core.view.ContentInfoCompat)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLProtectionSpace: android.net.http.SslCertificate getSslCertificate()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setCollapsible(boolean)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api19Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.InsetDrawable)
androidx.window.embedding.ActivityStack: ActivityStack(java.util.List,boolean)
androidx.core.app.NavUtils$Api16Impl: android.content.Intent getParentActivityIntent(android.app.Activity)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: boolean launchedActivityFromHistory(android.content.Intent)
androidx.window.core.Bounds: int getTop()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.ScheduledNotificationReceiver: void onReceive(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin: void onAttachedToActivity(io.flutter.embedding.engine.plugins.activity.ActivityPluginBinding)
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculator$Companion$reset$1: androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculator invoke(androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculator)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$14: void onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: void removeOnMultiWindowModeChangedListener(androidx.core.util.Consumer)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.URLCredentialDao: java.util.List getAllByProtectionSpaceId(java.lang.Long)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: void onPostCreate(android.os.Bundle)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.ScriptHandlerBoundaryInterface: void remove()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.SurfaceTextureWrapper: void getTransformMatrix(float[])
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$4: void success(java.lang.Object)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: void onSupportContentChanged()
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: void dump(java.lang.String,java.io.FileDescriptor,java.io.PrintWriter,java.lang.String[])
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.HitTestResult: int hashCode()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient: void onPageStarted(android.webkit.WebView,java.lang.String,android.graphics.Bitmap)
androidx.appcompat.resources.Compatibility$Api21Impl: int getChangingConfigurations(android.content.res.TypedArray)
com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.WireFormat$FieldType[] values()
androidx.webkit.ServiceWorkerClientCompat: ServiceWorkerClientCompat()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTriggerResourceType: java.lang.String toString()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyCookieManager$2: MyCookieManager$2(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyCookieManager,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTrigger: void setUnlessTopUrl(java.util.List)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient: void access$701(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient,android.webkit.WebView,android.webkit.ClientCertRequest)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageChannel: WebMessageChannel(java.lang.String,com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface)
androidx.core.content.FileProvider: androidx.core.content.FileProvider$PathStrategy parsePathStrategy(android.content.Context,java.lang.String,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageChannel$1: WebMessageChannel$1(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageChannel,android.webkit.ValueCallback,com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageChannel)
com.facebook.appevents.AppEvent: java.lang.Object writeReplace()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.ContentWorld: int hashCode()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLProtectionSpace: void setHost(java.lang.String)
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: boolean onPreparePanel(int,android.view.View,android.view.Menu)
androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend$EmbeddingCallbackImpl: void onSplitInfoChanged(java.util.List)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setSupportImageTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setBackgroundResource(int)
androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplBaseParcelizer: AudioAttributesImplBaseParcelizer()
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setExpandedFormat(boolean)
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForM: void setWebMessageCallback(android.webkit.WebMessagePort,androidx.webkit.WebMessagePortCompat$WebMessageCallbackCompat,android.os.Handler)
io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.WebViewHostApiImpl$InputAwareWebViewPlatformView: android.view.View getView()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$5: InAppWebViewChromeClient$5(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient,android.webkit.JsResult)
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void dispatchNestedScroll(int,int,int,int,int[],int,int[])
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: boolean hasNestedScrollingParent()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScript: UserScript(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScriptInjectionTime,com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.ContentWorld)
androidx.window.embedding.ActivityFilter: java.lang.String getIntentAction()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLAuthenticationChallenge: URLAuthenticationChallenge(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLProtectionSpace)
androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend$EmbeddingCallbackImpl: ExtensionEmbeddingBackend$EmbeddingCallbackImpl(androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient: java.util.List access$100()
androidx.window.layout.SidecarAdapter: boolean isEqualSidecarDeviceState(androidx.window.sidecar.SidecarDeviceState,androidx.window.sidecar.SidecarDeviceState)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api23Impl: int getBreakStrategy(android.widget.TextView)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: void removeOnUnhandledKeyEventListener(android.view.View,androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$OnUnhandledKeyEventListenerCompat)
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentContainerView: void setOnApplyWindowInsetsListener(android.view.View$OnApplyWindowInsetsListener)
androidx.security.crypto.MasterKey$Builder$Api23Impl$Api28Impl: void setIsStrongBoxBacked(android.security.keystore.KeyGenParameterSpec$Builder)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelAction: NotificationChannelAction(java.lang.String,int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageListener: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageListener fromMap(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface,io.flutter.plugin.common.BinaryMessenger,java.util.Map)
io.flutter.plugin.editing.TextInputPlugin$InputTarget$Type: io.flutter.plugin.editing.TextInputPlugin$InputTarget$Type[] values()
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat$Companion: androidx.window.core.Version getSidecarVersion()
com.facebook.appevents.cloudbridge.ConversionsAPIEventName: com.facebook.appevents.cloudbridge.ConversionsAPIEventName valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat$registerConfigurationChangeListener$configChangeObserver$1: void onLowMemory()
com.facebook.CustomTabMainActivity: CustomTabMainActivity()
com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.FieldType$Collection: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.FieldType$Collection valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPreStopped(android.app.Activity)
androidx.core.app.RemoteInput$Api29Impl: android.app.RemoteInput$Builder setEditChoicesBeforeSending(android.app.RemoteInput$Builder,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setNavigationIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setLineHeight(int)
android.support.v4.media.AudioAttributesImplApi21Parcelizer: androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplApi21 read(androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: boolean canGoForward()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat getRootWindowInsets(android.view.View)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.RequestPermissionHandler: void onRequestPermissionsResult(int,java.lang.String[],int[])
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: void loadDataWithBaseURL(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void cancelAllNotifications(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageChannel: void setWebMessageCallbackForInAppWebView(java.lang.Integer,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AbsActionBarView: int getContentHeight()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageListener: void initJsInstance()
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: void onStop()
com.facebook.internal.instrument.InstrumentData$Type: com.facebook.internal.instrument.InstrumentData$Type[] values()
com.google.firebase.installations.local.PersistedInstallation$RegistrationStatus: com.google.firebase.installations.local.PersistedInstallation$RegistrationStatus valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void setSemanticsEnabled(boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.pull_to_refresh.PullToRefreshLayout$2: void onRefresh()
androidx.core.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$Api16Impl: boolean performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View$AccessibilityDelegate,android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.ServiceWorkerManager: androidx.webkit.ServiceWorkerClientCompat dummyServiceWorkerClientCompat()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler$2: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.Boolean)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebViewClientBoundaryInterface: void onSafeBrowsingHit(android.webkit.WebView,android.webkit.WebResourceRequest,int,java.lang.reflect.InvocationHandler)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void onAttachedToEngine(io.flutter.embedding.engine.plugins.FlutterPlugin$FlutterPluginBinding)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.headless_in_app_webview.HeadlessInAppWebView: void onMethodCall(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodCall,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean isImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: void getContentHeight(android.webkit.ValueCallback)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebViewProviderBoundaryInterface: void addWebMessageListener(java.lang.String,java.lang.String[],java.lang.reflect.InvocationHandler)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportCheckMarkTintMode()
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.StaticsBoundaryInterface: android.net.Uri getSafeBrowsingPrivacyPolicyUrl()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$6: InAppWebViewChromeClient$6(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient,android.webkit.JsResult)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: float getElevation(android.view.View)
com.facebook.login.LoginClient$Result$Code: com.facebook.login.LoginClient$Result$Code[] values()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$1: void error(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Object)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void getNotificationChannels(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: void setContentView(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTrigger: void setUrlFilterIsCaseSensitive(java.lang.Boolean)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void setAccessibilityDelegate(io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI$AccessibilityDelegate)
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.CredentialDatabase: void removeHttpAuthCredential(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Integer,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: void resumeTimers()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: int getAutoSizeTextType()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: boolean nativeFlutterTextUtilsIsEmojiModifier(int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserManager: void open(android.app.Activity,java.util.Map)
com.google.firebase.concurrent.SequentialExecutor$WorkerRunningState: com.google.firebase.concurrent.SequentialExecutor$WorkerRunningState[] values()
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$StringAttributeType: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$StringAttributeType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForOMR1: void startSafeBrowsing(android.content.Context,android.webkit.ValueCallback)
androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend: void registerLayoutChangeCallback(android.app.Activity,java.util.concurrent.Executor,androidx.core.util.Consumer)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelDetails: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelDetails from(java.util.Map)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InputAwareWebView: InputAwareWebView(android.content.Context)
com.google.firebase.installations.FirebaseInstallationsRegistrar: FirebaseInstallationsRegistrar()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack: void pushClipRect(int,int,int,int)
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivitySaveInstanceState(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: float getZoomScale()
androidx.window.embedding.SplitController: void initialize(android.content.Context,int)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitInfo: int hashCode()
com.facebook.internal.WebDialog$DialogWebViewClient: void onPageStarted(android.webkit.WebView,java.lang.String,android.graphics.Bitmap)
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: boolean access$200(io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback)
com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.ProtoSyntax: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.ProtoSyntax[] values()
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingAdapter: java.util.function.Predicate translateParentMetricsPredicate(androidx.window.embedding.SplitRule)
io.flutter.view.FlutterView: io.flutter.plugin.common.BinaryMessenger getBinaryMessenger()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ServiceConnectionCallback: void onServiceDisconnected()
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.StaticsBoundaryInterface: java.lang.String getVariationsHeader()
com.google.gson.ToNumberPolicy: com.google.gson.ToNumberPolicy valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.widget.ImageViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setImageTintMode(android.widget.ImageView,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient: void access$601(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient,android.webkit.WebView,android.webkit.SslErrorHandler,android.net.http.SslError)
androidx.activity.OnBackPressedDispatcher$Api33Impl: void unregisterOnBackInvokedCallback(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerHandler: ContentBlockerHandler(java.util.List)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList()
com.dipanshutech.flutter_grocery.MainActivity: MainActivity()
androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend: androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend access$getGlobalInstance$cp()
androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend$WindowLayoutChangeCallbackWrapper: void accept(androidx.window.layout.WindowLayoutInfo)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: void addWebMessageListener(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageListener)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api31Impl: void setOnReceiveContentListener(android.view.View,java.lang.String[],androidx.core.view.OnReceiveContentListener)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void setMessagingStyle(android.content.Context,com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails,androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)
androidx.appcompat.widget.MenuPopupWindow$MenuDropDownListView: void setHoverListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.MenuItemHoverListener)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: void onPermissionRequest(android.webkit.PermissionRequest)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: androidx.appcompat.view.ActionMode onWindowStartingSupportActionMode(androidx.appcompat.view.ActionMode$Callback)
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$AccessibilityFeature: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$AccessibilityFeature[] values()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: boolean onJsAlert(android.webkit.WebView,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,android.webkit.JsResult)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin: void onReattachedToActivityForConfigChanges(io.flutter.embedding.engine.plugins.activity.ActivityPluginBinding)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewRenderProcessClient: void dispose()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean startNestedScroll(android.view.View,int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$7: InAppWebView$7(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
androidx.window.layout.ExtensionWindowLayoutInfoBackend: void unregisterLayoutChangeCallback(androidx.core.util.Consumer)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api17Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable[] getCompoundDrawablesRelative(android.widget.TextView)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setCustomSelectionActionModeCallback(android.view.ActionMode$Callback)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebViewRendererClientBoundaryInterface: void onRendererResponsive(android.webkit.WebView,java.lang.reflect.InvocationHandler)
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: void removeMenuProvider(androidx.core.view.MenuProvider)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageChannel: void dispose()
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterView: void setVisibility(int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: InAppWebView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEmojiTextHelper getEmojiTextViewHelper()
androidx.window.layout.SidecarAdapter$Companion: java.util.List getSidecarDisplayFeatures(androidx.window.sidecar.SidecarWindowLayoutInfo)
com.google.firebase.datatransport.TransportRegistrar: com.google.android.datatransport.TransportFactory lambda$getComponents$0(com.google.firebase.components.ComponentContainer)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: boolean needsCameraPermission()
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: android.view.MenuItem setContentDescription(android.view.MenuItem,java.lang.CharSequence)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$dimen: R$dimen()
com.google.i18n.phonenumbers.PhoneNumberUtil$PhoneNumberFormat: com.google.i18n.phonenumbers.PhoneNumberUtil$PhoneNumberFormat valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.security.crypto.EncryptedSharedPreferences$PrefValueEncryptionScheme: androidx.security.crypto.EncryptedSharedPreferences$PrefValueEncryptionScheme[] values()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InputAwareWebView: InputAwareWebView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeSetAccessibilityFeatures(long,int)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void onAttachedToActivity(io.flutter.embedding.engine.plugins.activity.ActivityPluginBinding)
androidx.webkit.WebViewRenderProcessClient: WebViewRenderProcessClient()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterOverlaySurface createOverlaySurface()
androidx.core.content.res.ResourcesCompat$Api15Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getDrawableForDensity(android.content.res.Resources,int,int)
androidx.core.app.ComponentActivity: void putExtraData(androidx.core.app.ComponentActivity$ExtraData)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.ServiceWorkerManager: void onMethodCall(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodCall,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebkitToCompatConverterBoundaryInterface: java.lang.Object convertSafeBrowsingResponse(java.lang.reflect.InvocationHandler)
kotlin.reflect.KVisibility: kotlin.reflect.KVisibility[] values()
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: void invalidateMenu()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.headless_in_app_webview.HeadlessInAppWebView: void prepare(java.util.Map)
io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.ImagePickerDelegate$CameraDevice: io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.ImagePickerDelegate$CameraDevice valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$5: InAppWebViewClient$5(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient,android.webkit.SafeBrowsingResponse,android.webkit.WebView,android.webkit.WebResourceRequest,int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void unregisterTexture(long)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setQuery(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.facebook.internal.CallbackManagerImpl$RequestCodeOffset: com.facebook.internal.CallbackManagerImpl$RequestCodeOffset valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerActionType: java.lang.String toString()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActivityChooserView$InnerLayout: ActivityChooserView$InnerLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$16: void success(java.lang.Object)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivity$2: void onPostMessage(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForP: void start(android.webkit.TracingController,androidx.webkit.TracingConfig)
androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer: void write(androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompat,androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: void validateRequestPermissionsRequestCode(int)
androidx.core.os.BundleApi18ImplKt: void putBinder(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String,android.os.IBinder)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerAction: ContentBlockerAction(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerActionType,java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLRequest: void setBody(byte[])
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: int getDropDownVerticalOffset()
androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend: java.util.concurrent.CopyOnWriteArrayList getWindowLayoutChangeCallbacks()
androidx.window.java.layout.WindowInfoTrackerCallbackAdapter$addListener$1$1$invokeSuspend$$inlined$collect$1: java.lang.Object emit(java.lang.Object,kotlin.coroutines.Continuation)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setPivotX(float)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity: void goBackButtonClicked(android.view.MenuItem)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitInfo: SplitInfo(androidx.window.embedding.ActivityStack,androidx.window.embedding.ActivityStack,float)
androidx.core.widget.PopupWindowCompat$Api23Impl: boolean getOverlapAnchor(android.widget.PopupWindow)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerHandler$2: void run()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.SettingsChannel$PlatformBrightness: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.SettingsChannel$PlatformBrightness[] values()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.DisplayListenerProxy$1: DisplayListenerProxy$1(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.DisplayListenerProxy,java.util.ArrayList,android.hardware.display.DisplayManager)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.ActionBroadcastReceiver: ActionBroadcastReceiver()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: boolean hasInvalidRawSoundResource(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result,com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.DisplayListenerProxy$1: void onDisplayAdded(int)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebViewProviderFactoryBoundaryInterface: java.lang.String[] getSupportedFeatures()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: boolean nativeFlutterTextUtilsIsVariationSelector(int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void onSurfaceChanged(int,int)
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.HashType: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.HashType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.window.layout.ExtensionsWindowLayoutInfoAdapter: androidx.window.layout.WindowLayoutInfo translate$window_release(android.app.Activity,androidx.window.extensions.layout.WindowLayoutInfo)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitRuleParser: android.content.ComponentName buildClassName(java.lang.String,java.lang.CharSequence)
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterView$ZeroSides: io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterView$ZeroSides valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelAction: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelAction valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SoundType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SoundType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
androidx.window.embedding.SplitPlaceholderRule: java.util.Set getFilters()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void setLights(com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails,androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setKeyListener(android.text.method.KeyListener)
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat$Companion: SidecarCompat$Companion(kotlin.jvm.internal.DefaultConstructorMarker)
kotlin.jvm.internal.FunctionReference: FunctionReference(int,java.lang.Object)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.PlatformUtil: void dispose()
kotlinx.coroutines.CoroutineStart: kotlinx.coroutines.CoroutineStart valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.pull_to_refresh.PullToRefreshOptions: java.util.Map getRealOptions(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.pull_to_refresh.PullToRefreshLayout)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$12: InAppWebViewChromeClient$12(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient,android.webkit.JsResult,android.webkit.WebView,java.lang.String)
android.support.v4.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer: RemoteActionCompatParcelizer()
androidx.window.core.Version$Companion: androidx.window.core.Version getUNKNOWN()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.DownloadStartRequest: void setUrl(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessagePort$3: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.Object)
io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation: io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation$PresentationState detachState()
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: android.view.MenuItem setShortcut(android.view.MenuItem,char,char,int,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getOverflowIcon()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI spawn(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.util.List)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.JavaScriptBridgeInterface$2$1: void success(java.lang.Object)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api28Impl: void setFirstBaselineToTopHeight(android.widget.TextView,int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLProtectionSpace: java.lang.String getProtocol()
androidx.window.layout.HardwareFoldingFeature$Type$Companion: HardwareFoldingFeature$Type$Companion(kotlin.jvm.internal.DefaultConstructorMarker)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerActionType: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerActionType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: int getChildDrawingOrder(int,int)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api28Impl: java.lang.String[] getDigitStrings(android.icu.text.DecimalFormatSymbols)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api23Impl: void setHyphenationFrequency(android.widget.TextView,int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLRequest: java.util.Map toMap()
androidx.core.app.Person$Api28Impl: androidx.core.app.Person fromAndroidPerson(android.app.Person)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PreferredContentModeOptionType: int toValue()
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: void onLowMemory()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.CreateWindowAction: void setWindowId(int)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.MessageDetails: MessageDetails(java.lang.String,java.lang.Long,com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.PersonDetails,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: void takeScreenshot(java.util.Map,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.JavaScriptBridgeInterface$1: void run()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: void onScrollChanged(int,int,int,int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$4: void success(java.lang.Object)
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$TextDirection: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$TextDirection valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.Time: Time()
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: int getMaxScrollAmount()
com.facebook.appevents.cloudbridge.SettingsAPIFields: com.facebook.appevents.cloudbridge.SettingsAPIFields[] values()
kotlin.jvm.internal.CallableReference: CallableReference(java.lang.Object)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.URLProtectionSpaceDao: java.util.List getAll()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: SearchView(android.content.Context)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api30Impl: java.lang.CharSequence getStateDescription(android.view.View)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: int getStrokeColor()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.CustomTabsMenuItem: java.lang.String toString()
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: void setFlutterNodeParent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: void setAccessibilityPaneTitle(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api23Impl: void setCompoundDrawableTintMode(android.widget.TextView,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setOnApplyWindowInsetsListener(android.view.View,androidx.core.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$3: void notImplemented()
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: FragmentActivity(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setHideOnContentScrollEnabled(boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyWebStorage$2: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.Object)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: ListMenuItemView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeDispatchPlatformMessage(long,java.lang.String,java.nio.ByteBuffer,int,int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: void getZoomScale(android.webkit.ValueCallback)
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: void setFlutterNodesTranslateBounds(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo,android.graphics.Rect,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
com.facebook.appevents.AppEventsLogger$FlushBehavior: com.facebook.appevents.AppEventsLogger$FlushBehavior valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerAction: int hashCode()
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.FeatureFlagHolderBoundaryInterface: java.lang.String[] getSupportedFeatures()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.pull_to_refresh.PullToRefreshOptions: PullToRefreshOptions()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity: boolean canGoBack()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setAdapter(android.widget.Adapter)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: void goForward()
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForM: android.webkit.WebMessage createWebMessage(androidx.webkit.WebMessageCompat)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.ThreadedInputConnectionProxyAdapterView: void setLocked(boolean)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void init(android.content.Context,java.lang.String[],java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,long)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: boolean isLoading()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void dispatchPlatformMessage(java.lang.String,java.nio.ByteBuffer,int,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setIcon(int)
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api21Impl: java.io.File getNoBackupFilesDir(android.content.Context)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList()
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api28Impl: android.net.Uri getUri(java.lang.Object)
androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplApi26Parcelizer: androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplApi26 read(androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: void readChannelInformation(com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails,java.util.Map)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setOnCloseListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$OnCloseListener)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTrigger: int hashCode()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLRequest: URLRequest(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,byte[],java.util.Map)
com.google.firebase.iid.FirebaseInstanceIdReceiver: FirebaseInstanceIdReceiver()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PluginScript: int hashCode()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Util: okhttp3.OkHttpClient getBasicOkHttpClient()
androidx.window.layout.HardwareFoldingFeature$Type: HardwareFoldingFeature$Type(java.lang.String)
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat$TranslatingCallback: void onWindowLayoutChanged(android.os.IBinder,androidx.window.sidecar.SidecarWindowLayoutInfo)
androidx.window.layout.HardwareFoldingFeature: int hashCode()
com.facebook.core.Core: Core()
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingAdapter: java.util.Set translate(java.util.Set)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.headless_in_app_webview.HeadlessInAppWebView: void onWebViewCreated()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyCookieManager: java.util.List getCookies(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerHandler$1: void run()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeDestroy(long)
androidx.core.app.RemoteInput$Api29Impl: int getEditChoicesBeforeSending(java.lang.Object)
com.facebook.internal.GamingAction: com.facebook.internal.GamingAction[] values()
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api21Impl: void inflate(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.Resources,org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser,android.util.AttributeSet,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLRequest: byte[] getBody()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: Toolbar(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: android.content.res.ColorStateList getIconTintList(android.view.MenuItem)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: void setSupportProgressBarIndeterminate(boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setTranslationZ(android.view.View,float)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void setBigTextStyle(com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails,androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingInterfaceCompat$EmbeddingCallbackInterface: void onSplitInfoChanged(java.util.List)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void updateCustomAccessibilityActions(java.nio.ByteBuffer,java.lang.String[])
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController: java.util.LinkedHashSet getContentWorlds()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient: void allowShouldOverrideUrlLoading(android.webkit.WebView,java.lang.String,java.util.Map,boolean)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebViewCookieManagerBoundaryInterface: java.util.List getCookieInfo(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.ViewParentCompat$Api21Impl: boolean onNestedPreFling(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,float,float)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitPlaceholderRule: android.content.Intent getPlaceholderIntent()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PlatformWebView$-CC: void $default$onFlutterViewDetached(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PlatformWebView)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivity: void prepareCustomTabs()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$interpolator: R$interpolator()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setTrimPathStart(float)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$12: void onClick(android.view.View)
androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend: ExtensionEmbeddingBackend(androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingInterfaceCompat)
androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend$SplitListenerWrapper: void accept(java.util.List)
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat: androidx.window.layout.WindowLayoutInfo getWindowLayoutInfo(android.app.Activity)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.SurfaceTextureWrapper: void detachFromGLContext()
io.flutter.plugin.editing.TextInputPlugin$InputTarget$Type: io.flutter.plugin.editing.TextInputPlugin$InputTarget$Type valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerHandler: android.webkit.WebResourceResponse checkUrl(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
androidx.core.app.RemoteInput$Api20Impl: android.os.Bundle getResultsFromIntent(android.content.Intent)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: float getStrokeAlpha()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.FlutterWebView: void onFlutterViewDetached()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: java.lang.String getObservatoryUri()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setImageDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AlertDialogLayout: AlertDialogLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: void startActivityForResult(android.content.Intent,int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: void callAsyncJavaScript(java.lang.String,java.util.Map,com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.ContentWorld,android.webkit.ValueCallback)
androidx.core.content.FileProvider: androidx.core.content.FileProvider$PathStrategy getPathStrategy(android.content.Context,java.lang.String,int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.CustomTabsMenuItem: java.lang.String getLabel()
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api23Impl: boolean setLayoutDirection(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
kotlin.random.Random$Default: java.lang.Object writeReplace()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$10: InAppWebView$10(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView,java.lang.String,com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.ContentWorld,android.webkit.ValueCallback,java.lang.String)
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculatorCompat: androidx.window.layout.WindowMetrics computeMaximumWindowMetrics(android.app.Activity)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebViewImplementation: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebViewImplementation fromValue(int)
kotlin.coroutines.jvm.internal.ContinuationImpl: ContinuationImpl(kotlin.coroutines.Continuation)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setTranslateY(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: void setLayoutInflater(android.view.LayoutInflater)
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: android.view.animation.Animation startAlphaAnimation(int,int)
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingAdapter: java.lang.Object component2(android.util.Pair)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.SurfaceTextureWrapper: SurfaceTextureWrapper(android.graphics.SurfaceTexture)
com.facebook.internal.instrument.InstrumentData$Type: com.facebook.internal.instrument.InstrumentData$Type valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.crypto.tink.config.internal.TinkFipsUtil$AlgorithmFipsCompatibility: com.google.crypto.tink.config.internal.TinkFipsUtil$AlgorithmFipsCompatibility valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: android.view.WindowInsets access$402(io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback,android.view.WindowInsets)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.WebViewFeatureManager: void onMethodCall(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodCall,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.Time: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.Time from(java.util.Map)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerActionType: boolean equalsValue(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.resources.Compatibility$Api21Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable createFromXmlInner(android.content.res.Resources,org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser,android.util.AttributeSet,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: void setContentView(android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController: boolean containsPluginScript(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PluginScript)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.RuntimeTypeAdapterFactory: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.RuntimeTypeAdapterFactory of(java.lang.Class,java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.pull_to_refresh.PullToRefreshOptions: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Options parse(java.util.Map)
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: void addOnNewIntentListener(androidx.core.util.Consumer)
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForN: boolean getAllowContentAccess(android.webkit.ServiceWorkerWebSettings)
com.google.crypto.tink.KeyTemplate$OutputPrefixType: com.google.crypto.tink.KeyTemplate$OutputPrefixType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.CustomTabActivityHelper$ConnectionCallback: void onCustomTabsConnected()
androidx.core.app.CoreComponentFactory: CoreComponentFactory()
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForQ: android.webkit.WebViewRenderProcessClient getWebViewRenderProcessClient(android.webkit.WebView)
kotlin.jvm.internal.FunctionReference: boolean isOperator()
kotlin.coroutines.jvm.internal.SuspendLambda: SuspendLambda(int,kotlin.coroutines.Continuation)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitInfo: float getSplitRatio()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: void loadUrl(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLRequest)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: java.lang.Boolean acceptsVideo(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.CustomTabsMenuItem: void setId(int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.SslCertificateExt: SslCertificateExt(java.security.cert.X509Certificate)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$2: boolean onSingleTapUp(android.view.MotionEvent)
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.scheduling.jobscheduling.JobInfoSchedulerService: JobInfoSchedulerService()
com.facebook.appevents.ondeviceprocessing.RemoteServiceWrapper$EventType: com.facebook.appevents.ondeviceprocessing.RemoteServiceWrapper$EventType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.window.layout.ExtensionsWindowLayoutInfoAdapter: androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature translate$window_release(android.app.Activity,androidx.window.extensions.layout.FoldingFeature)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: java.util.Map requestFocusNodeHref()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.NavigationAction: void setHasGesture(boolean)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.ScheduledNotificationRepeatFrequency: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.ScheduledNotificationRepeatFrequency[] $values()
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlocker: java.lang.String toString()
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetrics: WindowMetrics(android.graphics.Rect)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivity: void onStop()
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.DropDataContentProviderBoundaryInterface: android.net.Uri cache(byte[],java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
androidx.core.app.ActivityCompat$Api16Impl: void startIntentSenderForResult(android.app.Activity,android.content.IntentSender,int,android.content.Intent,int,int,int,android.os.Bundle)
com.facebook.login.CodeChallengeMethod: com.facebook.login.CodeChallengeMethod[] values()
com.google.firebase.concurrent.SequentialExecutor$WorkerRunningState: com.google.firebase.concurrent.SequentialExecutor$WorkerRunningState valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.app.RemoteInput$Api26Impl: void addDataResultToIntent(androidx.core.app.RemoteInput,android.content.Intent,java.util.Map)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.ClientCertChallenge: java.security.Principal[] getPrincipals()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleMarginBottom(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: android.view.ViewParent getParentForAccessibility(android.view.View)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Util$PrivateKeyAndCertificates: Util$PrivateKeyAndCertificates(java.security.PrivateKey,java.security.cert.X509Certificate[])
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivitySaveInstanceState(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.DynamiteModule$DynamiteLoaderClassLoader: DynamiteModule$DynamiteLoaderClassLoader()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
androidx.core.os.CancellationSignal$Api16Impl: void cancel(java.lang.Object)
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo convertToFlutterNode(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo,int,android.view.View)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScriptInjectionTime: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScriptInjectionTime[] values()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: void callAsyncJavaScript(java.lang.String,java.util.Map,com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.ContentWorld,android.webkit.ValueCallback)
com.facebook.AccessTokenSource: com.facebook.AccessTokenSource valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ListPopupWindow$Api24Impl: int getMaxAvailableHeight(android.widget.PopupWindow,android.view.View,int,boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScript: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
dev.fluttercommunity.plus.share.ShareFileProvider: ShareFileProvider()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: void setInAppBrowserDelegate(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserDelegate)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTrigger: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$layout: R$layout()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelAction: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelAction[] $values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: ActionBarContextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions parse(java.util.Map)
com.google.zxing.EncodeHintType: com.google.zxing.EncodeHintType[] values()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.RuntimeTypeAdapterFactory: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.RuntimeTypeAdapterFactory of(java.lang.Class)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: int getAutoSizeMaxTextSize()
kotlin.jvm.internal.CallableReference$NoReceiver: java.lang.Object readResolve()
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: void removeOnPictureInPictureModeChangedListener(androidx.core.util.Consumer)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLCredential: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.util.Map getRealOptions(java.lang.Object)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebMessageBoundaryInterface: java.lang.String getData()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setButtonDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setLogo(int)
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: androidx.activity.result.ActivityResultLauncher registerForActivityResult(androidx.activity.result.contract.ActivityResultContract,androidx.activity.result.ActivityResultRegistry,androidx.activity.result.ActivityResultCallback)
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetrics: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setImageResource(int)
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: android.view.View onCreateView(java.lang.String,android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController: java.lang.String generateWrappedCodeForDocumentStart()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setBackgroundResource(int)
androidx.window.layout.DisplayFeature: android.graphics.Rect getBounds()
androidx.core.text.ICUCompat$Api21Impl: java.lang.String getScript(java.util.Locale)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void setProgress(com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails,androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPostCreated(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.DateTimeComponents: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.DateTimeComponents[] values()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController: boolean removeUserOnlyScriptAt(int,com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScriptInjectionTime)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: boolean pageDown(boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.ContextMenuOptions: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.ContextMenuOptions parse(java.util.Map)
com.google.i18n.phonenumbers.Phonenumber$PhoneNumber$CountryCodeSource: com.google.i18n.phonenumbers.Phonenumber$PhoneNumber$CountryCodeSource[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: android.view.ActionMode$Callback getCustomSelectionActionModeCallback()
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingBackend: void registerRule(androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingRule)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.utils.StringUtils: java.lang.Boolean isNullOrEmpty(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.CustomTabsMenuItem: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.CustomTabsMenuItem fromMap(java.util.Map)
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: android.view.View onCreateView(android.view.View,java.lang.String,android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient: void onPageFinished(android.webkit.WebView,java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: void injectJavascriptFileFromUrl(java.lang.String,java.util.Map)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.JavaScriptBridgeInterface: void _callHandler(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R: R()
com.facebook.appevents.cloudbridge.CustomEventField: com.facebook.appevents.cloudbridge.CustomEventField[] values()
com.facebook.internal.FetchedAppSettingsManager$FetchAppSettingState: com.facebook.internal.FetchedAppSettingsManager$FetchAppSettingState[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: android.view.ActionMode$Callback getCustomSelectionActionModeCallback()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
androidx.media.AudioAttributesCompatParcelizer: androidx.media.AudioAttributesCompat read(androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForM: void setWebMessageCallback(android.webkit.WebMessagePort,androidx.webkit.WebMessagePortCompat$WebMessageCallbackCompat)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setBackgroundResource(int)
com.facebook.appevents.FlushReason: com.facebook.appevents.FlushReason valueOf(java.lang.String)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.DropDataContentProviderBoundaryInterface: void setClearCachedDataIntervalMs(int)
kotlin.jvm.internal.FunctionReferenceImpl: FunctionReferenceImpl(int,java.lang.Class,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,int)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api17Impl: void setCompoundDrawablesRelativeWithIntrinsicBounds(android.widget.TextView,int,int,int,int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$Brightness: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$Brightness[] values()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PlatformWebView: void dispose()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTrigger: java.util.List getLoadType()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: void readProgressInformation(com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails,java.util.Map)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: long calculateNextNotificationTrigger(long,long)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: java.lang.String getUrl()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: LinearLayoutCompat(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
androidx.browser.customtabs.CustomTabsCallback: void extraCallback(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuPresenter getOuterActionMenuPresenter()
io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.GeneratedAndroidWebView$FileChooserMode: io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.GeneratedAndroidWebView$FileChooserMode[] values()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerHandler: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTriggerResourceType getResourceTypeFromContentType(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.app.ComponentActivity: boolean superDispatchKeyEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: boolean dispatchTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageChannel: void postMessageForInAppWebView(java.lang.Integer,java.util.Map,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void startDragging(float)
androidx.media.AudioAttributesCompatParcelizer: AudioAttributesCompatParcelizer()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$DisplayFeatureType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$DisplayFeatureType[] values()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void schedule(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodCall,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessagePort$2: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setOnSuggestionListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$OnSuggestionListener)
com.google.zxing.BarcodeFormat: com.google.zxing.BarcodeFormat valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat: java.util.Map access$getWindowListenerRegisteredContexts$p(androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode()
kotlin.jvm.internal.CallableReference: kotlin.reflect.KCallable compute()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$7: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.Object)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: void postUrl(java.lang.String,byte[])
io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation: SingleViewPresentation(android.content.Context,android.view.Display,io.flutter.plugin.platform.PlatformView,io.flutter.plugin.platform.AccessibilityEventsDelegate,int,android.view.View$OnFocusChangeListener)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserDelegate: void didChangeProgress(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getBackgroundTintMode(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.JsReplyProxyBoundaryInterface: void postMessage(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.URLProtectionSpaceContract: URLProtectionSpaceContract()
androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer: RemoteActionCompatParcelizer()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.BitmapSource: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.BitmapSource[] $values()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessagePort: void setWebMessageCallback(android.webkit.ValueCallback)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserManager: java.lang.String getMimeType(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageChannel createCompatWebMessageChannel()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLAuthenticationChallenge: int hashCode()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void setDeferredComponentManager(io.flutter.embedding.engine.deferredcomponents.DeferredComponentManager)
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$StringAttributeType: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$StringAttributeType[] values()
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidDispatcherFactory: AndroidDispatcherFactory()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageChannel$2: WebMessageChannel$2(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageChannel,java.lang.Integer)
androidx.window.embedding.MatcherUtils: MatcherUtils()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setSubtitle(int)
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: void setMinimumWidth(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setSubmitButtonEnabled(boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLRequest: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void onSurfaceWindowChanged(android.view.Surface)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ListPopupWindow$Api29Impl: void setIsClippedToScreen(android.widget.PopupWindow,boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PreferredContentModeOptionType: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PreferredContentModeOptionType[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleMarginTop(int)
androidx.core.app.BundleCompat$Api18Impl: android.os.IBinder getBinder(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String)
com.facebook.appevents.codeless.internal.EventBinding$MappingMethod: com.facebook.appevents.codeless.internal.EventBinding$MappingMethod[] values()
androidx.window.layout.ActivityCompatHelperApi30: android.graphics.Rect currentWindowBounds(android.app.Activity)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SystemUiMode: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SystemUiMode[] values()
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeyStatusType: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeyStatusType[] values()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: void setHasTransientState(android.view.View,boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserDelegate: void didChangeTitle(java.lang.String)
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: int getContentPaddingRight()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$14: void onGlobalLayout()
com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.ProtoSyntax: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.ProtoSyntax valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Api18Impl: boolean isInLayout(android.view.View)
com.facebook.appevents.cloudbridge.ConversionsAPICustomEventField: com.facebook.appevents.cloudbridge.ConversionsAPICustomEventField[] values()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: java.util.Map getOptions()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.util.Map toMap()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: android.view.ActionMode startActionMode(android.view.ActionMode$Callback)
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat: boolean validateExtensionInterface()
androidx.webkit.ServiceWorkerClientCompat: android.webkit.WebResourceResponse shouldInterceptRequest(android.webkit.WebResourceRequest)
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: void setCardBackgroundColor(int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack: FlutterMutatorsStack()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerHandler: android.webkit.WebResourceResponse checkUrl(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView,java.lang.String,com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTriggerResourceType)
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: void addOnTrimMemoryListener(androidx.core.util.Consumer)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$8: void error(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Object)
androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend: void registerRule(androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingRule)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$12: InAppWebView$12(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView,android.view.ActionMode$Callback,android.view.ActionMode,android.view.MenuItem,int,java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivity: ChromeCustomTabsActivity()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: android.view.ActionMode startActionMode(android.view.ActionMode$Callback,int)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void saveScheduledNotifications(android.content.Context,java.util.ArrayList)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.ContentWorld: void setName(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.gamingservices.GamingServices: GamingServices()
kotlin.coroutines.AbstractCoroutineContextElement: java.lang.Object fold(java.lang.Object,kotlin.jvm.functions.Function2)
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: void init()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$9: void onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
io.flutter.embedding.android.DrawableSplashScreen$DrawableSplashScreenView: void setSplashDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyWebStorage$1: MyWebStorage$1(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyWebStorage,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: boolean access$300(io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserDelegate getInAppBrowserDelegate()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.URLCredentialContract$FeedEntry: URLCredentialContract$FeedEntry()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient: void access$301(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient,android.webkit.WebView,android.webkit.HttpAuthHandler,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
androidx.window.core.Version: java.math.BigInteger getBigInteger()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Util: boolean objEquals(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
kotlin.jvm.internal.CallableReference: boolean isFinal()
androidx.window.embedding.ActivityStack: java.lang.String toString()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: android.view.Menu getMenu()
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebSettingsBoundaryInterface: void setForceDarkBehavior(int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: java.lang.Boolean acceptsImages(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void onBeginFrame()
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$State: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$State valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForOMR1: void setSafeBrowsingWhitelist(java.util.List,android.webkit.ValueCallback)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setOnChildScrollUpCallback(androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$OnChildScrollUpCallback)
androidx.core.content.FileProvider: void attachInfo(android.content.Context,android.content.pm.ProviderInfo)
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidDispatcherFactory: java.lang.String hintOnError()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: com.google.gson.Gson buildGson()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.window.layout.DisplayCompatHelperApi28: int safeInsetTop(android.view.DisplayCutout)
androidx.core.widget.PopupWindowCompat$Api23Impl: int getWindowLayoutType(android.widget.PopupWindow)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: void onStart()
androidx.core.app.BundleCompat$Api18Impl: void putBinder(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String,android.os.IBinder)
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api19Impl: java.io.File[] getExternalFilesDirs(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void setAsyncWaitForVsyncDelegate(io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI$AsyncWaitForVsyncDelegate)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: void injectJavascriptFileFromUrl(java.lang.String,java.util.Map)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getDividerPadding()
com.facebook.appevents.cloudbridge.AppEventsConversionsAPITransformer$DataProcessingParameterName: com.facebook.appevents.cloudbridge.AppEventsConversionsAPITransformer$DataProcessingParameterName valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.window.layout.ExtensionWindowLayoutInfoBackend$MulticastConsumer: void accept(java.lang.Object)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyCookieManager$1: MyCookieManager$1(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyCookieManager,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setPopupBackgroundResource(int)
androidx.window.layout.HardwareFoldingFeature: androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature$Orientation getOrientation()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.CustomTabsActionButton: byte[] getIcon()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api23Impl: int getLayoutDirection(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitRule: int getLayoutDirection()
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: ActionMenuItemView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void cancelNotification(java.lang.Integer,java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: void disposeWebMessageListeners()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.ScheduledNotificationBootReceiver: void onReceive(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent)
com.facebook.internal.WebDialog$DialogWebViewClient: boolean shouldOverrideUrlLoading(android.webkit.WebView,java.lang.String)
com.google.firebase.messaging.reporting.MessagingClientEvent$SDKPlatform: com.google.firebase.messaging.reporting.MessagingClientEvent$SDKPlatform[] values()
io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.InputAwareWebView: void setInputConnectionTarget(android.view.View)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController: boolean addPluginScript(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PluginScript)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController: void removeAllUserOnlyScripts()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerAction: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerAction fromMap(java.util.Map)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$13: InAppWebView$13(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView,int,java.lang.String)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api26Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Icon createWithAdaptiveBitmap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.BuildConfig: BuildConfig()
kotlin.jvm.internal.CallableReference: kotlin.reflect.KCallable getReflected()
kotlin.collections.EmptySet: java.lang.Object readResolve()
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForN: void setAllowFileAccess(android.webkit.ServiceWorkerWebSettings,boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.HttpAuthenticationChallenge: int hashCode()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyCookieManager$2: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.Boolean)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitPlaceholderRule: SplitPlaceholderRule(java.util.Set,android.content.Intent,int,int,float,int,int,kotlin.jvm.internal.DefaultConstructorMarker)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: void onReceivedIcon(android.webkit.WebView,android.graphics.Bitmap)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.URLCredentialDao: long delete(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLCredential)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitPairFilter: android.content.ComponentName getSecondaryActivityName()
androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTracker$-CC: void overrideDecorator(androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTrackerDecorator)
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: android.view.WindowInsets access$400(io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback)
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: int getProgressViewStartOffset()
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: java.lang.Object onRetainNonConfigurationInstance()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.TrustedWebActivity: void prepareCustomTabs()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivity: void onStart()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api29Impl: void setSystemGestureExclusionRects(android.view.View,java.util.List)
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: android.view.View dispatchFragmentsOnCreateView(android.view.View,java.lang.String,android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetStart()
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterView: io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterEngine getAttachedFlutterEngine()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController: java.lang.String escapeCode(java.lang.String)
androidx.window.core.Version: Version(int,int,int,java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: void takeScreenshot(java.util.Map,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLProtectionSpace: void setSslCertificate(android.net.http.SslCertificate)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTrigger: void setUnlessDomain(java.util.List)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setOnQueryTextFocusChangeListener(android.view.View$OnFocusChangeListener)
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.OutputPrefixType: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.OutputPrefixType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebViewImplementation: WebViewImplementation(java.lang.String,int,int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyWebStorage$1: void onReceiveValue(java.util.Map)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity$2: boolean onClose()
io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.WebViewHostApiImpl$WebViewPlatformView: void setWebViewClient(android.webkit.WebViewClient)
androidx.window.layout.ExtensionsWindowLayoutInfoAdapter: ExtensionsWindowLayoutInfoAdapter()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity$3: InAppBrowserActivity$3(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity)
androidx.window.core.Version: androidx.window.core.Version access$getVERSION_1_0$cp()
okio.ByteString: void writeObject(java.io.ObjectOutputStream)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.SurfaceTextureWrapper: void release()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserOptions: java.util.Map getRealOptions(java.lang.Object)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.ClientCertChallenge: java.lang.String[] getKeyTypes()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: void prepare()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getFixedHeightMajor()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: int getMaxWidth()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$3: void error(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Object)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLCredential: java.lang.Long getId()
androidx.core.content.FileProvider: android.database.Cursor query(android.net.Uri,java.lang.String[],java.lang.String,java.lang.String[],java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$Api15Impl: void setMaxScrollX(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecord,int)
androidx.core.app.AppOpsManagerCompat$Api23Impl: java.lang.Object getSystemService(android.content.Context,java.lang.Class)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatReceiveContentHelper$OnDropApi24Impl: boolean onDropForTextView(android.view.DragEvent,android.widget.TextView,android.app.Activity)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getBaselineAlignedChildIndex()
com.baseflow.geolocator.location.LocationAccuracy: com.baseflow.geolocator.location.LocationAccuracy valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.window.core.Version: int hashCode()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity: boolean onCreateOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu)
com.facebook.CustomTabActivity: CustomTabActivity()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: void setVisibility(int)
com.it_nomads.fluttersecurestorage.ciphers.KeyCipherAlgorithm: com.it_nomads.fluttersecurestorage.ciphers.KeyCipherAlgorithm[] values()
com.facebook.appevents.cloudbridge.AppEventUserAndAppDataField: com.facebook.appevents.cloudbridge.AppEventUserAndAppDataField valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: boolean dispatchNestedScroll(int,int,int,int,int[],int)
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: boolean onStartNestedScroll(android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
androidx.window.layout.HardwareFoldingFeature$Type$Companion: androidx.window.layout.HardwareFoldingFeature$Type getFOLD()
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.SafeBrowsingResponseBoundaryInterface: void proceed(boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$4: InAppWebView$4(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.pull_to_refresh.PullToRefreshLayout: void onMethodCall(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodCall,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InputAwareWebView: void dispose()
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebViewProviderBoundaryInterface: java.lang.reflect.InvocationHandler[] createWebMessageChannel()
com.facebook.login.LoginFragment: LoginFragment()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTriggerResourceType: boolean equalsValue(java.lang.String)
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: void startIntentSenderForResult(android.content.IntentSender,int,android.content.Intent,int,int,int,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend: void registerSplitListenerForActivity(android.app.Activity,java.util.concurrent.Executor,androidx.core.util.Consumer)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.CreateWindowAction: java.lang.String toString()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeUnregisterTexture(long,long)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTrigger: void setIfTopUrl(java.util.List)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.SslErrorExt: SslErrorExt(int,android.net.http.SslCertificate,java.lang.String)
com.google.i18n.phonenumbers.PhoneNumberUtil$ValidationResult: com.google.i18n.phonenumbers.PhoneNumberUtil$ValidationResult[] values()
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback$AnimationCallback: void onPrepare(android.view.WindowInsetsAnimation)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin getPlugin()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.NavigationActionPolicy: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.NavigationActionPolicy fromValue(int)
androidx.startup.InitializationProvider: InitializationProvider()
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void createProgressView()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: android.app.AlarmManager getAlarmManager(android.content.Context)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setAutoSizeTextTypeWithDefaults(int)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.TracingControllerBoundaryInterface: boolean isTracing()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: boolean canScrollVertically()
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.ServiceWorkerWebSettingsBoundaryInterface: boolean getAllowFileAccess()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.FlutterWebView: FlutterWebView(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin,android.content.Context,java.lang.Object,java.util.HashMap)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$8: void success(java.lang.Object)
com.google.zxing.pdf417.encoder.Compaction: com.google.zxing.pdf417.encoder.Compaction[] values()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$9: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback(android.view.View,int,int)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: android.view.LayoutInflater getInflater()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.DownloadStartRequest: java.lang.String getMimeType()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.core.content.FileProvider$Api21Impl: java.io.File[] getExternalMediaDirs(android.content.Context)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.ContextMenuOptions: ContextMenuOptions()
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType[] values()
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api24Impl: boolean isDeviceProtectedStorage(android.content.Context)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessagePort$3: WebMessagePort$3(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessagePort,android.webkit.ValueCallback)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: int getContentHeight()
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPrePaused(android.app.Activity)
androidx.appcompat.view.WindowCallbackWrapper$Api23Impl: boolean onSearchRequested(android.view.Window$Callback,android.view.SearchEvent)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setSupportImageTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend$Companion: boolean isSidecarVersionSupported(androidx.window.core.Version)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void addIsDisplayingFlutterUiListener(io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterUiDisplayListener)
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: void onTrimMemory(int)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setSubMenuArrowVisible(boolean)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: androidx.core.app.NotificationManagerCompat getNotificationManager(android.content.Context)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean dispatchNestedPreFling(android.view.View,float,float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextHelper$Api24Impl: android.os.LocaleList forLanguageTags(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Options parse(java.util.Map)
androidx.loader.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status: androidx.loader.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.MenuPopupWindow$Api29Impl: void setTouchModal(android.widget.PopupWindow,boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: void findAllAsync(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.CustomTabActivityHelper: void setConnectionCallback(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.CustomTabActivityHelper$ConnectionCallback)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.DownloadStartRequest: void setTextEncodingName(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setSupportCheckMarkTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterSurfaceView: io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer getAttachedRenderer()
androidx.window.embedding.MatcherUtils: boolean areActivityOrIntentComponentsMatching$window_release(android.app.Activity,android.content.ComponentName)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.SoundSource: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.SoundSource valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.android.installreferrer.api.InstallReferrerClient: InstallReferrerClient()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: java.lang.Boolean arrayContainsString(java.lang.String[],java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.CredentialDatabase: java.util.List getHttpAuthCredentials(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Integer)
com.google.firebase.messaging.threads.ThreadPriority: com.google.firebase.messaging.threads.ThreadPriority valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setElevation(android.view.View,float)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController: java.lang.String generateUserOnlyScriptsCodeAt(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScriptInjectionTime)
io.flutter.view.FlutterView$ZeroSides: io.flutter.view.FlutterView$ZeroSides[] values()
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat: SidecarCompat(androidx.window.sidecar.SidecarInterface,androidx.window.layout.SidecarAdapter)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient: void dispose()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$xml: R$xml()
io.flutter.view.FlutterView: android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProvider getAccessibilityNodeProvider()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.NavigationAction: void setRedirect(boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageChannel$1: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.Object)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.ClientCertChallenge: java.lang.String toString()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewStatic$3: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.Boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler$3: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.Object)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPostResumed(android.app.Activity)
com.facebook.internal.FeatureManager$Feature: com.facebook.internal.FeatureManager$Feature valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForN: java.io.File getDataDir(android.content.Context)
androidx.browser.customtabs.CustomTabsCallback: void onRelationshipValidationResult(int,android.net.Uri,boolean,android.os.Bundle)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$11: void onCancel(android.content.DialogInterface)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$1: void success(java.lang.Object)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.HitTestResult: java.lang.String getExtra()
io.flutter.view.FlutterCallbackInformation: io.flutter.view.FlutterCallbackInformation lookupCallbackInformation(long)
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat: void registerConfigurationChangeListener(android.app.Activity)
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: boolean getPreventCornerOverlap()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScript: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.ContentWorld getContentWorld()
androidx.appcompat.widget.DropDownListView$Api21Impl: void drawableHotspotChanged(android.view.View,float,float)
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingCompat$Companion: androidx.window.extensions.embedding.ActivityEmbeddingComponent embeddingComponent()
androidx.window.layout.HardwareFoldingFeature: androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature$OcclusionType getOcclusionType()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void dispatchSemanticsAction(int,io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action,java.lang.Object)
com.facebook.appevents.cloudbridge.AppEventsConversionsAPITransformer$DataProcessingParameterName: com.facebook.appevents.cloudbridge.AppEventsConversionsAPITransformer$DataProcessingParameterName[] values()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserManager: void openExternalExcludeCurrentApp(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLProtectionSpace: java.util.Map toMap()
androidx.window.embedding.SplitPairRule: java.util.Set getFilters()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewStatic$3: InAppWebViewStatic$3(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewStatic,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.util.Map describePerson(androidx.core.app.Person)
androidx.core.app.AppOpsManagerCompat$Api29Impl: java.lang.String getOpPackageName(android.content.Context)
androidx.core.graphics.TypefaceCompatUtil$Api19Impl: android.os.ParcelFileDescriptor openFileDescriptor(android.content.ContentResolver,android.net.Uri,java.lang.String,android.os.CancellationSignal)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitPairFilter: java.lang.String toString()
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: void onDestroy()
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPreDestroyed(android.app.Activity)
androidx.browser.customtabs.CustomTabsServiceConnection: CustomTabsServiceConnection()
android.support.v4.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer: androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompat read(androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: android.view.ActionMode$Callback getCustomSelectionActionModeCallback()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setBackgroundResource(int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTriggerResourceType: ContentBlockerTriggerResourceType(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String)
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: androidx.loader.app.LoaderManager getSupportLoaderManager()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScript: void setSource(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity$3: void onFocusChange(android.view.View,boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient: void access$1001(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient,android.webkit.WebView,android.webkit.WebResourceRequest,int,android.webkit.SafeBrowsingResponse)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeSetViewportMetrics(long,float,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int[],int[],int[])
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForN: int getCacheMode(android.webkit.ServiceWorkerWebSettings)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setPopupBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: android.view.View access$602(io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback,android.view.View)
com.facebook.appevents.ondeviceprocessing.RemoteServiceWrapper$EventType: com.facebook.appevents.ondeviceprocessing.RemoteServiceWrapper$EventType[] values()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: boolean isAccessibilityHeading(android.view.View)
androidx.core.os.TraceCompat$Api18Impl: void beginSection(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setPopupCallback(androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView$PopupCallback)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin: void registerWith(io.flutter.plugin.common.PluginRegistry$Registrar)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivity$2: void onRelationshipValidationResult(int,android.net.Uri,boolean,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getCurrentContentInsetStart()
com.facebook.appevents.cloudbridge.OtherEventConstants: com.facebook.appevents.cloudbridge.OtherEventConstants[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setInputType(int)
androidx.security.crypto.MasterKey$Builder$Api23Impl: java.lang.String getKeystoreAlias(android.security.keystore.KeyGenParameterSpec)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebSettingsBoundaryInterface: void setEnterpriseAuthenticationAppLinkPolicyEnabled(boolean)
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: void onActivityResult(int,int,android.content.Intent)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.pull_to_refresh.PullToRefreshLayout$1: PullToRefreshLayout$1(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.pull_to_refresh.PullToRefreshLayout)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessage: void dispose()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient: void access$000(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient,android.webkit.WebView,java.lang.String,java.util.Map,boolean)
androidx.core.app.ComponentActivity: ComponentActivity()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: void setAccessibilityHeading(android.view.View,boolean)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: boolean isAttached()
androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend: java.util.concurrent.CopyOnWriteArrayList getSplitChangeCallbacks()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerHandler: java.util.List getRuleList()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$integer: R$integer()
androidx.window.embedding.SplitRule: float getSplitRatio()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$DownloadStartListener: void onDownloadStart(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,long)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.CredentialDatabaseHelper: void onDowngrade(android.database.sqlite.SQLiteDatabase,int,int)
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: void addOnConfigurationChangedListener(androidx.core.util.Consumer)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsOptions: java.util.Map getRealOptions(java.lang.Object)
androidx.core.app.ComponentActivity: void onSaveInstanceState(android.os.Bundle)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLAuthenticationChallenge: java.lang.String toString()
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api26Impl: android.content.ComponentName startForegroundService(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent)
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: androidx.activity.result.ActivityResultLauncher registerForActivityResult(androidx.activity.result.contract.ActivityResultContract,androidx.activity.result.ActivityResultCallback)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.CustomTabsActionButton: void setShouldTint(boolean)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebkitToCompatConverterBoundaryInterface: java.lang.reflect.InvocationHandler convertWebResourceError(java.lang.Object)
androidx.appcompat.widget.DropDownListView: void setSelector(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForO: void setSafeBrowsingEnabled(android.webkit.WebSettings,boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: boolean canGoBack()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.JavaScriptBridgeInterface: JavaScriptBridgeInterface(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView)
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle getLifecycle()
io.flutter.plugins.firebase.messaging.FlutterFirebaseMessagingInitProvider: FlutterFirebaseMessagingInitProvider()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivity$2: void onMessageChannelReady(android.os.Bundle)
com.google.firebase.FirebaseCommonRegistrar: FirebaseCommonRegistrar()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.RuntimeTypeAdapterFactory: com.google.gson.TypeAdapter create(com.google.gson.Gson,com.google.gson.reflect.TypeToken)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$17: InAppWebView$17(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView,android.webkit.ValueCallback)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: void onOverScrolled(int,int,boolean,boolean)
androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTracker: kotlinx.coroutines.flow.Flow windowLayoutInfo(android.app.Activity)
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: boolean markState(androidx.fragment.app.FragmentManager,androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$State)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.CustomTabsActionButton: boolean isShouldTint()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api17Impl: void setLayerPaint(android.view.View,android.graphics.Paint)
androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend: void access$setGlobalInstance$cp(androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: void setSupportProgress(int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformViewsChannel$PlatformViewCreationRequest$RequestedDisplayMode: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformViewsChannel$PlatformViewCreationRequest$RequestedDisplayMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void setStyle(android.content.Context,com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails,androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerHandler$2: ContentBlockerHandler$2(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerHandler,com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView,java.lang.String)
kotlin.jvm.internal.CallableReference: java.lang.String getName()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setLogo(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void removeEngineLifecycleListener(io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterEngine$EngineLifecycleListener)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitRuleParser: androidx.window.embedding.ActivityRule parseSplitActivityRule(android.content.Context,android.content.res.XmlResourceParser)
io.flutter.view.FlutterView: io.flutter.app.FlutterPluginRegistry getPluginRegistry()
com.facebook.internal.FacebookInitProvider: FacebookInitProvider()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserOptions: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Options parse(java.util.Map)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: int getFillColor()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.FlutterWebView: void onFlutterViewAttached(android.view.View)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: void addOnUnhandledKeyEventListener(android.view.View,androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$OnUnhandledKeyEventListenerCompat)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessagePort: void dispose()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: void setImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View,int)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api23Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable loadDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Icon,android.content.Context)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: void readColor(com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails,java.util.Map)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PlatformWebView: android.view.View getView()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.HttpAuthenticationChallenge: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLCredential getProposedCredential()
io.flutter.embedding.android.RenderMode: io.flutter.embedding.android.RenderMode[] values()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$ClipboardContentFormat: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$ClipboardContentFormat valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeUpdateRefreshRate(float)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void stopNestedScroll(android.view.View)
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$MobileSubtype[] values()
com.facebook.appevents.AccessTokenAppIdPair: java.lang.Object writeReplace()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity: void didChangeTitle(java.lang.String)
com.google.i18n.phonenumbers.Phonenumber$PhoneNumber$CountryCodeSource: com.google.i18n.phonenumbers.Phonenumber$PhoneNumber$CountryCodeSource valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitController$Companion: androidx.window.embedding.SplitController getInstance()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyWebStorage: void dispose()
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setSlingshotDistance(int)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setStrokeAlpha(float)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: void enablePluginScriptAtRuntime(java.lang.String,boolean,com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PluginScript)
com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.JavaType: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.JavaType valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.WebViewHostApiImpl$WebViewPlatformView: android.webkit.WebChromeClient getWebChromeClient()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$1: InAppWebViewChromeClient$1(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient,android.webkit.JsResult,android.webkit.WebView,java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Util: java.lang.String JSONStringify(java.lang.Object)
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: int getContentPaddingLeft()
androidx.window.core.Version$bigInteger$2: java.lang.Object invoke()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PlatformWebView: void makeInitialLoad(java.util.HashMap)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTrigger: ContentBlockerTrigger(java.lang.String,java.lang.Boolean,java.util.List,java.util.List,java.util.List,java.util.List,java.util.List,java.util.List)
androidx.core.content.res.ResourcesCompat$Api21Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getDrawableForDensity(android.content.res.Resources,int,int,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.URLCredentialDao: long insert(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLCredential)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebkitToCompatConverterBoundaryInterface: java.lang.reflect.InvocationHandler convertWebMessagePort(java.lang.Object)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController: void resetContentWorlds()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void ensureNotAttachedToNative()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api17Impl: int getPaddingEnd(android.view.View)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.WebViewFeatureManager: void dispose()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyCookieManager: android.webkit.CookieManager getCookieManager()
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: void initViewTreeOwners()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.JavaScriptBridgeInterface$2$1: JavaScriptBridgeInterface$2$1(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.JavaScriptBridgeInterface$2)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setOverlayMode(boolean)
kotlin.jvm.internal.CallableReference: kotlin.reflect.KCallable computeReflected()
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebViewProviderFactoryBoundaryInterface: java.lang.reflect.InvocationHandler getDropDataProvider()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$5: boolean onTouch(android.view.View,android.view.MotionEvent)
androidx.window.core.Bounds: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void startForegroundService(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodCall,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: java.lang.CharSequence getText()
androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTracker$-CC: androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTracker getOrCreate(android.content.Context)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.DownloadStartRequest: java.util.Map toMap()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: java.util.Map getContextMenu()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler$4: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.ServerTrustChallenge: ServerTrustChallenge(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLProtectionSpace)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setCollapseIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.window.embedding.ActivityRule: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api23Impl: int getScrollIndicators(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
androidx.core.content.FileProvider: java.io.File buildPath(java.io.File,java.lang.String[])
io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.WebViewHostApiImpl$InputAwareWebViewPlatformView: void setWebChromeClient(android.webkit.WebChromeClient)
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingCompat$Companion: java.lang.Integer getExtensionApiLevel()
kotlin.coroutines.jvm.internal.BaseContinuationImpl: java.lang.Object invokeSuspend(java.lang.Object)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLProtectionSpace: void setPort(int)
androidx.core.app.AlarmManagerCompat$Api23Impl: void setExactAndAllowWhileIdle(android.app.AlarmManager,int,long,android.app.PendingIntent)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setDropDownBackgroundResource(int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTrigger: java.lang.String toString()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler$6: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.Boolean)
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForM: android.webkit.WebMessagePort[] createWebMessageChannel(android.webkit.WebView)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewStatic$2: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.Object)
kotlin.coroutines.jvm.internal.BaseContinuationImpl: void resumeWith(java.lang.Object)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: LinearLayoutCompat(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingRule: EmbeddingRule()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler$5: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity: void shareButtonClicked(android.view.MenuItem)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitPairFilter: java.lang.String getSecondaryActivityIntentAction()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: void onPause()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: java.lang.CharSequence getText()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: java.lang.Object onRetainCustomNonConfigurationInstance()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler$5: InAppWebViewMethodHandler$5(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.CustomTabActivityHelper$ConnectionCallback: void onCustomTabsDisconnected()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController: java.lang.String generateCodeForScriptEvaluation(java.lang.String,com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.ContentWorld)
androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend: void unregisterSplitListenerForActivity(androidx.core.util.Consumer)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler$4: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.Object)
com.google.zxing.qrcode.decoder.ErrorCorrectionLevel: com.google.zxing.qrcode.decoder.ErrorCorrectionLevel valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelGroupDetails: NotificationChannelGroupDetails()
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForN: void setAllowContentAccess(android.webkit.ServiceWorkerWebSettings,boolean)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api17Impl: java.util.Locale getTextLocale(android.widget.TextView)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitInfo: boolean contains(android.app.Activity)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: void disposeWebMessageChannels()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.ServerTrustChallenge: java.lang.String toString()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setAutoSizeTextTypeWithDefaults(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner$Api17Impl: int getTextAlignment(android.view.View)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ServiceConnectionCallback: void onServiceConnected(androidx.browser.customtabs.CustomTabsClient)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: void setUserContentController(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewRenderProcessClient: void onRenderProcessUnresponsive(android.webkit.WebView,androidx.webkit.WebViewRenderProcess)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController: UserContentController()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getNavigationIcon()
com.it_nomads.fluttersecurestorage.ciphers.KeyCipherAlgorithm: com.it_nomads.fluttersecurestorage.ciphers.KeyCipherAlgorithm valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.appevents.cloudbridge.ConversionsAPISection: com.facebook.appevents.cloudbridge.ConversionsAPISection valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeInvokePlatformMessageResponseCallback(long,int,java.nio.ByteBuffer,int)
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculator$Companion$overrideDecorator$1: java.lang.Object invoke(java.lang.Object)
kotlin.coroutines.AbstractCoroutineContextElement: kotlin.coroutines.CoroutineContext$Element get(kotlin.coroutines.CoroutineContext$Key)
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$Api15Impl: void setMaxScrollY(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecord,int)
com.google.android.gms.maps.MapsInitializer$Renderer: com.google.android.gms.maps.MapsInitializer$Renderer[] values()
kotlin.jvm.internal.CallableReference: boolean isAbstract()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$8: InAppWebViewChromeClient$8(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient,android.webkit.JsPromptResult,android.webkit.WebView,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.Size2D: java.util.Map toMap()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setVerticalGravity(int)
androidx.window.layout.ActivityCompatHelperApi30: ActivityCompatHelperApi30()
com.facebook.appevents.AppEvent$SerializationProxyV2: java.lang.Object readResolve()
androidx.core.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat$Api17Impl: void setLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: boolean onCreatePanelMenu(int,android.view.Menu)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api28Impl: android.text.PrecomputedText$Params getTextMetricsParams(android.widget.TextView)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.NavigationActionPolicy: int rawValue()
androidx.window.embedding.MatcherUtils: boolean areComponentsMatching$window_release(android.content.ComponentName,android.content.ComponentName)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForN: void setServiceWorkerClient(android.webkit.ServiceWorkerController,android.webkit.ServiceWorkerClient)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeOnVsync(long,long,long)
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: float getMaxCardElevation()
com.google.gson.internal.LazilyParsedNumber: void readObject(java.io.ObjectInputStream)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setAdapter(android.widget.SpinnerAdapter)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Util$1$1: void error(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Object)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLAuthenticationChallenge: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLProtectionSpace getProtectionSpace()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin: void onDetachedFromActivity()
com.google.firebase.messaging.reporting.MessagingClientEvent$SDKPlatform: com.google.firebase.messaging.reporting.MessagingClientEvent$SDKPlatform valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.PlatformUtil: java.lang.String formatDate(long,java.lang.String,java.util.Locale,java.util.TimeZone)
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: void startActivityFromFragment(androidx.fragment.app.Fragment,android.content.Intent,int)
com.google.firebase.messaging.FirebaseMessagingRegistrar: com.google.firebase.messaging.FirebaseMessaging lambda$getComponents$0(com.google.firebase.components.ComponentContainer)
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.OutputPrefixType: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.OutputPrefixType[] values()
androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplBase: AudioAttributesImplBase()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.SslErrorExt: java.util.Map toMap(android.net.http.SslError)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void setViewportMetrics(float,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int[],int[],int[])
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingCompat: EmbeddingCompat(androidx.window.extensions.embedding.ActivityEmbeddingComponent,androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingAdapter)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void loadDartDeferredLibrary(int,java.lang.String[])
com.google.firebase.messaging.FirebaseMessaging: com.google.firebase.messaging.FirebaseMessaging getInstance(com.google.firebase.FirebaseApp)
androidx.core.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat$Api17Impl: int getMarginStart(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$3$1: void onActivityPostResumed(android.app.Activity)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$17: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.Object)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$18: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.Object)
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.firebase.transport.LogEventDropped$Reason: com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.firebase.transport.LogEventDropped$Reason[] values()
androidx.window.embedding.SplitRule$Api30Impl: SplitRule$Api30Impl()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void onVsync(long,long,long)
com.baseflow.geolocator.location.ServiceStatus: com.baseflow.geolocator.location.ServiceStatus valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForO: boolean getSafeBrowsingEnabled(android.webkit.WebSettings)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.DownloadStartRequest: void setUserAgent(java.lang.String)
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingCompat: void setSplitRules(java.util.Set)
io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.FlutterFirebasePluginRegistry: void lambda$getPluginConstantsForFirebaseApp$0(com.google.firebase.FirebaseApp,com.google.android.gms.tasks.TaskCompletionSource)
androidx.core.widget.PopupWindowCompat$Api23Impl: void setWindowLayoutType(android.widget.PopupWindow,int)
android.support.v4.media.AudioAttributesImplApi26Parcelizer: void write(androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplApi26,androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: int getAutoSizeTextType()
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingAdapter: java.util.function.Predicate translateIntentPredicates(java.util.Set)
androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend$Companion: androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend getInstance()
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.SafeBrowsingResponseBoundaryInterface: void backToSafety(boolean)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelGroupDetails: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelGroupDetails from(java.util.Map)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setImageDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForN: void setDisabledActionModeMenuItems(android.webkit.WebSettings,int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController: boolean addUserOnlyScript(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScript)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.headless_in_app_webview.HeadlessInAppWebView: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.Size2D getSize()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient: void onReceivedHttpAuthRequest(android.webkit.WebView,android.webkit.HttpAuthHandler,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.it_nomads.fluttersecurestorage.ciphers.StorageCipherAlgorithm: com.it_nomads.fluttersecurestorage.ciphers.StorageCipherAlgorithm[] values()
androidx.core.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$Api28Impl: int getScaledHoverSlop(android.view.ViewConfiguration)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api28Impl: int getResId(java.lang.Object)
io.flutter.plugins.GeneratedPluginRegistrant: GeneratedPluginRegistrant()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportImageTintMode()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScript: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScriptInjectionTime getInjectionTime()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getTitleMarginBottom()
com.google.firebase.installations.FirebaseInstallationsRegistrar: com.google.firebase.installations.FirebaseInstallationsApi lambda$getComponents$0(com.google.firebase.components.ComponentContainer)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
androidx.window.layout.ExtensionInterfaceCompat$ExtensionCallbackInterface: void onWindowLayoutChanged(android.app.Activity,androidx.window.layout.WindowLayoutInfo)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebViewProviderBoundaryInterface: java.lang.reflect.InvocationHandler getWebViewRenderer()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScript: java.lang.String getGroupName()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewRenderProcessClient: InAppWebViewRenderProcessClient(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.headless_in_app_webview.HeadlessInAppWebView: void dispose()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: int getMinimumHeight(android.view.View)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient: void loadCustomJavaScriptOnPageStarted(android.webkit.WebView)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityStarted(android.app.Activity)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner$Api17Impl: int getTextDirection(android.view.View)
com.facebook.LoggingBehavior: com.facebook.LoggingBehavior[] values()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.PlatformUtil: void onMethodCall(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodCall,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setTrimPathOffset(float)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void markTextureFrameAvailable(long)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageListener: void postMessageForInAppWebView(java.lang.String,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: void onPause()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void onDisplayPlatformView(int,int,int,int,int,int,int,io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityStopped(android.app.Activity)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PlatformWebView: void onFlutterViewAttached(android.view.View)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: android.os.Looper getWebViewLooper()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setUiOptions(int)
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: ComponentActivity()
androidx.core.os.ConfigurationCompat$Api24Impl: android.os.LocaleList getLocales(android.content.res.Configuration)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$4$1: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.Object)
androidx.window.layout.ExtensionWindowLayoutInfoBackend$MulticastConsumer: void removeListener(androidx.core.util.Consumer)
androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTracker$Companion: WindowInfoTracker$Companion()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerHandler: ContentBlockerHandler()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: void setInflatedId(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$Api29Impl: void refreshAutoCompleteResults(android.widget.AutoCompleteTextView)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.ServiceWorkerControllerBoundaryInterface: void setServiceWorkerClient(java.lang.reflect.InvocationHandler)
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForN: boolean getAllowFileAccess(android.webkit.ServiceWorkerWebSettings)
androidx.appcompat.widget.DropDownListView: void setSelectorEnabled(boolean)
com.google.firebase.installations.remote.InstallationResponse$ResponseCode: com.google.firebase.installations.remote.InstallationResponse$ResponseCode valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessagePort$1: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient: void onReceivedLoginRequest(android.webkit.WebView,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setScaleY(float)
androidx.window.layout.HardwareFoldingFeature$Type$Companion: androidx.window.layout.HardwareFoldingFeature$Type getHINGE()
android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer: androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat read(androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.CustomTabsActionButton: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend$WindowLayoutChangeCallbackWrapper: void accept$lambda-0(androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend$WindowLayoutChangeCallbackWrapper,androidx.window.layout.WindowLayoutInfo)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient: void onPageCommitVisible(android.webkit.WebView,java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: android.view.MenuItem setAlphabeticShortcut(android.view.MenuItem,char,int)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api23Impl: void setBreakStrategy(android.widget.TextView,int)
androidx.core.app.RemoteInput$Api26Impl: android.app.RemoteInput$Builder setAllowDataType(android.app.RemoteInput$Builder,java.lang.String,boolean)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitController: void registerRule(androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingRule)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.PlatformUtil: java.util.Locale getLocaleFromString(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.appevents.cloudbridge.AppEventType: com.facebook.appevents.cloudbridge.AppEventType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.window.embedding.ActivityRule: ActivityRule(java.util.Set,boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$4: void notImplemented()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$18: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: void postWebMessage(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessage,android.net.Uri,android.webkit.ValueCallback)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setContentHeight(int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.pull_to_refresh.PullToRefreshLayout: void dispose()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.JavaScriptBridgeInterface: void dispose()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setPrecomputedText(androidx.core.text.PrecomputedTextCompat)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.CredentialDatabaseHelper: void onUpgrade(android.database.sqlite.SQLiteDatabase,int,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: java.util.ArrayList getCurrentMenuItems()
com.facebook.login.DefaultAudience: com.facebook.login.DefaultAudience valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.pull_to_refresh.PullToRefreshOptions: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.pull_to_refresh.PullToRefreshOptions parse(java.util.Map)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void deleteNotificationChannelGroup(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodCall,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: void onHideContextMenu()
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: void initViewTreeOwners()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.KeepAliveService: android.os.IBinder onBind(android.content.Intent)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ButtonBarLayout: void setAllowStacking(boolean)
androidx.window.java.layout.WindowInfoTrackerCallbackAdapter: kotlinx.coroutines.flow.Flow windowLayoutInfo(android.app.Activity)
kotlin.jvm.internal.Lambda: Lambda(int)
androidx.webkit.WebMessagePortCompat$WebMessageCallbackCompat: void onMessage(androidx.webkit.WebMessagePortCompat,androidx.webkit.WebMessageCompat)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewRenderProcessClient$2: void notImplemented()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PlatformWebView$-CC: void $default$onInputConnectionUnlocked(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PlatformWebView)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api20Impl: android.view.WindowInsets dispatchApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.view.WindowInsets)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setAppSearchData(android.os.Bundle)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.JavaScriptBridgeInterface$1: JavaScriptBridgeInterface$1(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.JavaScriptBridgeInterface)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void dispatchEmptyPlatformMessage(java.lang.String,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.view.Menu getMenu()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void repeat(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodCall,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: void isSecureContext(android.webkit.ValueCallback)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: long calculateRepeatIntervalMilliseconds(com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.ThreadedInputConnectionProxyAdapterView: android.view.inputmethod.InputConnection onCreateInputConnection(android.view.inputmethod.EditorInfo)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextHelper$Api26Impl: boolean setFontVariationSettings(android.widget.TextView,java.lang.String)
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: boolean isRefreshing()
io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation: void onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
androidx.core.view.ViewGroupCompat$Api21Impl: boolean isTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewRenderProcessClient$1: void success(java.lang.Object)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController: java.lang.String wrapSourceCodeInContentWorld(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.ContentWorld,java.lang.String)
androidx.core.content.res.FontResourcesParserCompat$Api21Impl: int getType(android.content.res.TypedArray,int)
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForN: android.webkit.ServiceWorkerController getServiceWorkerControllerInstance()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: float getTrimPathOffset()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTrigger: java.util.List getIfDomain()
androidx.window.embedding.ActivityStack: boolean contains(android.app.Activity)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageListener$1: WebMessageListener$1(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageListener,com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageListener)
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void animateOffsetToStartPosition(int,android.view.animation.Animation$AnimationListener)
androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend: void setEmbeddingExtension(androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingInterfaceCompat)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerAction: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerActionType getType()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AbsActionBarView: void setVisibility(int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient: void onReceivedClientCertRequest(android.webkit.WebView,android.webkit.ClientCertRequest)
com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.Writer$FieldOrder: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.Writer$FieldOrder[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setIconified(boolean)
androidx.core.widget.ListViewCompat$Api19Impl: boolean canScrollList(android.widget.ListView,int)
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingAdapter: androidx.window.embedding.SplitInfo translate(androidx.window.extensions.embedding.SplitInfo)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityResumed(android.app.Activity)
androidx.core.os.BundleApi21ImplKt: void putSize(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String,android.util.Size)
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.ClientInfo$ClientType: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.ClientInfo$ClientType[] values()
com.facebook.appevents.cloudbridge.OtherEventConstants: com.facebook.appevents.cloudbridge.OtherEventConstants valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.window.layout.HardwareFoldingFeature: androidx.window.layout.HardwareFoldingFeature$Type getType$window_release()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewStatic$1: void run()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController: java.lang.String generatePluginScriptsCodeAt(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScriptInjectionTime)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$5: void error(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Object)
androidx.core.content.FileProvider: android.os.ParcelFileDescriptor openFile(android.net.Uri,java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: java.lang.CharSequence getLogoDescription()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$3: InAppWebViewChromeClient$3(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient,android.webkit.JsResult)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebViewClientBoundaryInterface: void onPageCommitVisible(android.webkit.WebView,java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerHandler: android.webkit.WebResourceResponse checkUrl(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView,java.lang.String)
com.facebook.login.CodeChallengeMethod: com.facebook.login.CodeChallengeMethod valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: InAppWebView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setGroupDividerEnabled(boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api29Impl: android.view.View$AccessibilityDelegate getAccessibilityDelegate(android.view.View)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: android.view.inputmethod.InputConnection onCreateInputConnection(android.view.inputmethod.EditorInfo)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: void onReceivedTitle(android.webkit.WebView,java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.DownloadStartRequest: DownloadStartRequest(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,long,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: void remove()
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback$AnimationCallback: void onEnd(android.view.WindowInsetsAnimation)
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: int getProgressCircleDiameter()
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setNestedScrollingEnabled(boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScriptInjectionTime: int toValue()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void stopForegroundService(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: void startPickerIntent(android.webkit.ValueCallback,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.facebook.appevents.ondeviceprocessing.RemoteServiceWrapper$ServiceResult: com.facebook.appevents.ondeviceprocessing.RemoteServiceWrapper$ServiceResult valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController: boolean containsUserOnlyScript(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScript)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api29Impl: java.util.List getSystemGestureExclusionRects(android.view.View)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivitySingleInstance: ChromeCustomTabsActivitySingleInstance()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void zonedScheduleNextNotification(android.content.Context,com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.ServiceWorkerManager: void init()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.SurfaceTextureWrapper: void attachToGLContext(int)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api16Impl: int getMaxLines(android.widget.TextView)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.styles.StyleInformation: StyleInformation()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterOverlaySurface: int getId()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: int getProgress()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: void setIncognito(boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: android.os.Looper getWebViewLooper()
androidx.browser.browseractions.BrowserActionsFallbackMenuView: BrowserActionsFallbackMenuView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: void scrollTo(java.lang.Integer,java.lang.Integer,java.lang.Boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLCredential: void setUsername(java.lang.String)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebMessagePayloadBoundaryInterface: byte[] getAsArrayBuffer()
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: void onPictureInPictureModeChanged(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner$Api23Impl: void setDropDownViewTheme(android.widget.ThemedSpinnerAdapter,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: void onPanelClosed(int,android.view.Menu)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: void goBackOrForward(int)
com.google.gson.internal.LinkedTreeMap: void readObject(java.io.ObjectInputStream)
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api24Impl: android.content.Context createDeviceProtectedStorageContext(android.content.Context)
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void animateOffsetToCorrectPosition(int,android.view.animation.Animation$AnimationListener)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLCredential: java.lang.Long getProtectionSpaceId()
io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.FlutterFirebasePlugin: com.google.android.gms.tasks.Task didReinitializeFirebaseCore()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setFilters(android.text.InputFilter[])
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController: boolean containsUserOnlyScriptByGroupName(java.lang.String)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebSettingsBoundaryInterface: boolean getWillSuppressErrorPage()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: android.content.Context getPopupContext()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivity$2: void extraCallback(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$AccessibilityFeature: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$AccessibilityFeature valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: boolean isCodePointEmojiModifier(int)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void onMethodCall(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodCall,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api23Impl: void setScrollIndicators(android.view.View,int,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: android.text.Editable getText()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: void setAllCaps(boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.CreateWindowAction: CreateWindowAction(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLRequest,boolean,boolean,boolean,int,boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.OnWindowFocusEventJS: OnWindowFocusEventJS()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$anim: R$anim()
androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplBaseParcelizer: androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplBase read(androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextHelper$Api17Impl: void setCompoundDrawablesRelativeWithIntrinsicBounds(android.widget.TextView,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: void addOnMultiWindowModeChangedListener(androidx.core.util.Consumer)
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void onNestedScrollAccepted(android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
androidx.window.layout.DisplayCompatHelperApi28: int safeInsetBottom(android.view.DisplayCutout)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebSettingsBoundaryInterface: void setSafeBrowsingEnabled(boolean)
androidx.browser.customtabs.CustomTabsCallback: void onPostMessage(java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitRule$Api30Impl: android.graphics.Rect getBounds(android.view.WindowMetrics)
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setColorViewAlpha(int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserDelegate: void didFinishNavigation(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api19Impl: int getAlpha(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterSplashView$SavedState: void writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: int access$100(io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler$1: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.String)
androidx.window.core.Bounds: boolean isZero()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: java.lang.String getMimeTypeFromExtension(java.lang.String)
kotlin.jvm.internal.FunctionReference: int getArity()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setContentInsetEndWithActions(int)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebkitToCompatConverterBoundaryInterface: java.lang.reflect.InvocationHandler convertSettings(android.webkit.WebSettings)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setBackgroundResource(int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebViewImplementation: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebViewImplementation[] $values()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: java.lang.String getOriginalUrl()
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForP: boolean isTracing(android.webkit.TracingController)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: java.lang.String getGroupName()
androidx.window.layout.ActivityCompatHelperApi30: android.graphics.Rect maximumWindowBounds(android.app.Activity)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void lambda$decodeImage$0(long,android.graphics.ImageDecoder,android.graphics.ImageDecoder$ImageInfo,android.graphics.ImageDecoder$Source)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity: void setOptions(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserOptions,java.util.HashMap)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController: java.lang.String generateWrappedCodeForDocumentEnd()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$1: void error(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Object)
androidx.core.app.ActivityCompat$Api23Impl: void onSharedElementsReady(java.lang.Object)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api19Impl: void setAccessibilityLiveRegion(android.view.View,int)
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat$FirstAttachAdapter: SidecarCompat$FirstAttachAdapter(androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat,android.app.Activity)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: void initDelegate()
androidx.window.layout.HardwareFoldingFeature: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLProtectionSpace: URLProtectionSpace(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,int,android.net.http.SslCertificate,android.net.http.SslError)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: void createAlertDialog(android.webkit.WebView,java.lang.String,android.webkit.JsResult,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
kotlin.jvm.internal.Lambda: int getArity()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Util$1: Util$1(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel,java.lang.String,java.lang.Object,java.util.Map,java.util.concurrent.CountDownLatch)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PreferredContentModeOptionType: PreferredContentModeOptionType(java.lang.String,int,int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivity: void close()
android.support.v4.media.AudioAttributesImplBaseParcelizer: androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplBase read(androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InputAwareWebView: InputAwareWebView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatDelegate getDelegate()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient: java.util.List access$102(java.util.List)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLAuthenticationChallenge: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.DownloadStartRequest: java.lang.String getContentDisposition()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: long performNativeAttach(io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.Size2D: Size2D(double,double)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: void readLedInformation(com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails,java.util.Map)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextHelper$Api26Impl: void setAutoSizeTextTypeUniformWithConfiguration(android.widget.TextView,int,int,int,int)
android.support.v4.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer: void write(androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompat,androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$1: void onFindResultReceived(int,int,boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$string: R$string()
okio.SegmentedByteString: java.lang.Object writeReplace()
androidx.window.layout.HardwareFoldingFeature: boolean isSeparating()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity: void didFinishNavigation(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.FitWindowsLinearLayout: void setOnFitSystemWindowsListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup$OnFitSystemWindowsListener)
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api23Impl: java.lang.Object getSystemService(android.content.Context,java.lang.Class)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: void setContentView(int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: boolean getIsSoftwareRenderingEnabled()
io.flutter.plugins.firebase.messaging.FlutterFirebaseMessagingReceiver: FlutterFirebaseMessagingReceiver()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.PrintJS: PrintJS()
com.google.firebase.installations.remote.InstallationResponse$ResponseCode: com.google.firebase.installations.remote.InstallationResponse$ResponseCode[] values()
androidx.core.content.FileProvider: java.lang.String getType(android.net.Uri)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: void onProgressChanged(android.webkit.WebView,int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: java.lang.String[] getAcceptedMimeType(java.lang.String[])
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setImageBitmap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend$Companion: androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingInterfaceCompat initAndVerifyEmbeddingExtension()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageChannel: void onMessage(java.lang.Integer,java.lang.String)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.ProxyControllerBoundaryInterface: void clearProxyOverride(java.lang.Runnable,java.util.concurrent.Executor)
androidx.window.embedding.MatcherUtils: boolean wildcardMatch(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: void scrollTo(java.lang.Integer,java.lang.Integer,java.lang.Boolean)
io.flutter.embedding.android.TransparencyMode: io.flutter.embedding.android.TransparencyMode[] values()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void zonedScheduleNextNotificationMatchingDateComponents(android.content.Context,com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api23Impl: void setScrollIndicators(android.view.View,int)
androidx.core.view.DisplayCutoutCompat$Api28Impl: android.view.DisplayCutout createDisplayCutout(android.graphics.Rect,java.util.List)
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: boolean onMenuItemSelected(int,android.view.MenuItem)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setBackgroundResource(int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLAuthenticationChallenge: void setProtectionSpace(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLProtectionSpace)
androidx.window.layout.HardwareFoldingFeature$Type$Companion: HardwareFoldingFeature$Type$Companion()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.InputAwareWebView: void setContainerView(android.view.View)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void setupNotificationChannel(android.content.Context,com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelDetails)
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void moveToStart(float)
androidx.window.core.Version: int getPatch()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: java.lang.Boolean isArrayEmpty(java.lang.String[])
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.ScheduledNotificationBootReceiver: ScheduledNotificationBootReceiver()
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: int getAlphabeticModifiers(android.view.MenuItem)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.CustomTabsActionButton: void setIcon(byte[])
androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplApi26Parcelizer: void write(androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplApi26,androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: void setCardBackgroundColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.view.MenuInflater getMenuInflater()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivity: void customTabsConnected()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: InAppWebViewChromeClient(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel,com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserDelegate)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.FlutterWebView$1: void onPageFinished(android.webkit.WebView,java.lang.String)
kotlin.jvm.internal.CallableReference: java.lang.Object callBy(java.util.Map)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.gms.common.api.GoogleApiActivity: GoogleApiActivity()
androidx.core.util.ObjectsCompat$Api19Impl: boolean equals(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingTranslatingCallback: void accept(java.util.List)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewRenderProcessClient$1: InAppWebViewRenderProcessClient$1(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewRenderProcessClient,androidx.webkit.WebViewRenderProcess)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController: void removeAllPluginScripts()
androidx.window.java.R: R()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: void getContentHeight(android.webkit.ValueCallback)
androidx.activity.OnBackPressedDispatcher$Api33Impl: android.window.OnBackInvokedCallback createOnBackInvokedCallback(java.lang.Runnable)
com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.ByteString$BoundedByteString: java.lang.Object writeReplace()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: int getCompoundPaddingLeft()
androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend: SidecarWindowBackend(androidx.window.layout.ExtensionInterfaceCompat)
kotlin.coroutines.intrinsics.CoroutineSingletons: kotlin.coroutines.intrinsics.CoroutineSingletons[] values()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.CredentialDatabase: CredentialDatabase()
androidx.core.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$Api31Impl: android.widget.EdgeEffect create(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$7: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.Boolean)
androidx.security.crypto.EncryptedSharedPreferences$EncryptedType: androidx.security.crypto.EncryptedSharedPreferences$EncryptedType[] values()
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void stopNestedScroll(int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyWebStorage$2: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.Long)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: boolean onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
kotlin.coroutines.jvm.internal.SuspendLambda: java.lang.String toString()
androidx.window.layout.WindowBackend: void registerLayoutChangeCallback(android.app.Activity,java.util.concurrent.Executor,androidx.core.util.Consumer)
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$Api15Impl: int getMaxScrollX(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecord)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PlatformWebView: void onInputConnectionUnlocked()
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getIconTintMode(android.view.MenuItem)
androidx.core.app.ComponentActivity: void onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.Writer$FieldOrder: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.Writer$FieldOrder valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.window.layout.ExtensionsWindowLayoutInfoAdapter: boolean validBounds(android.app.Activity,androidx.window.core.Bounds)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLCredential: URLCredential(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PreferredContentModeOptionType: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PreferredContentModeOptionType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient: boolean onRenderProcessGone(android.webkit.WebView,android.webkit.RenderProcessGoneDetail)
com.facebook.share.Share: Share()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextInputType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextInputType[] values()
com.facebook.appevents.ml.ModelManager$Task: com.facebook.appevents.ml.ModelManager$Task valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController: java.lang.String generateCodeForDocumentStart()
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidDispatcherFactory: int getLoadPriority()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: void onResume()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete: SearchView$SearchAutoComplete(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageChannel: void onMethodCall(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodCall,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PluginScript: java.lang.String toString()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ActionBroadcastReceiver: ActionBroadcastReceiver()
com.facebook.appevents.codeless.internal.PathComponent$MatchBitmaskType: com.facebook.appevents.codeless.internal.PathComponent$MatchBitmaskType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.LoggingBehavior: com.facebook.LoggingBehavior valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void onDisplayOverlaySurface(int,int,int,int,int)
androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTrackerImpl$Companion: WindowInfoTrackerImpl$Companion()
androidx.core.app.ActivityCompat$Api21Impl: void postponeEnterTransition(android.app.Activity)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api16Impl: int getMinLines(android.widget.TextView)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void createNotificationChannel(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodCall,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: android.view.WindowInsetsAnimation$Callback getAnimationCallback()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: java.util.Map getContextMenu()
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: void onNewIntent(android.content.Intent)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: void supportInvalidateOptionsMenu()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Util: java.io.InputStream getFileAsset(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin,java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setNavigationContentDescription(int)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: boolean onSupportNavigateUp()
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo getRootNode(android.view.View,int,android.graphics.Rect)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$15: void run()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity: boolean onKeyDown(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.URLCredentialContract: URLCredentialContract()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.NavigationAction: NavigationAction(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLRequest,boolean,boolean,boolean)
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: androidx.activity.OnBackPressedDispatcher getOnBackPressedDispatcher()
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api17Impl: void setCompoundDrawablesRelativeWithIntrinsicBounds(android.widget.TextView,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api15Impl: boolean hasOnClickListeners(android.view.View)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: void onReceivedTouchIconUrl(android.webkit.WebView,java.lang.String,boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setLastBaselineToBottomHeight(int)
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setEnabled(boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean isNestedScrollingEnabled(android.view.View)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController$2: UserContentController$2(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewStatic$3: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.Object)
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag[] values()
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebSettingsBoundaryInterface: int getWebAuthnSupport()
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: void supportStartPostponedEnterTransition()
androidx.appcompat.resources.Compatibility$Api21Impl: void inflate(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.Resources,org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser,android.util.AttributeSet,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessagePort$1: WebMessagePort$1(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessagePort,android.webkit.ValueCallback)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String getNextFireDateMatchingDateTimeComponents(com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setColorSchemeColors(int[])
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: android.app.Activity getActivity()
androidx.core.content.FileProvider: int modeToMode(java.lang.String)
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: void setEnterSharedElementCallback(androidx.core.app.SharedElementCallback)
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.firebase.messaging.FirebaseMessagingRegistrar: java.util.List getComponents()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.ServiceWorkerManager$1: android.webkit.WebResourceResponse shouldInterceptRequest(android.webkit.WebResourceRequest)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.Boolean canCreateNotificationChannel(android.content.Context,com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelDetails)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: void getHitTestResult(android.webkit.ValueCallback)
com.facebook.appevents.cloudbridge.AppEventsConversionsAPITransformer$ValueTransformationType: com.facebook.appevents.cloudbridge.AppEventsConversionsAPITransformer$ValueTransformationType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLProtectionSpace: void setSslError(android.net.http.SslError)
androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplApi21: AudioAttributesImplApi21()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete: void setThreshold(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: java.lang.CharSequence getNavigationContentDescription()
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event[] values()
androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend: java.util.concurrent.locks.ReentrantLock access$getGlobalLock$cp()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setTransitionName(android.view.View,java.lang.String)
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculator$Companion$overrideDecorator$1: WindowMetricsCalculator$Companion$overrideDecorator$1(java.lang.Object)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: int getSuggestionCommitIconResId()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeCleanupMessageData(long)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.NavigationAction: boolean isRedirect()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: android.view.LayoutInflater getLayoutInflater()
androidx.activity.OnBackPressedDispatcher$Api33Impl: void registerOnBackInvokedCallback(java.lang.Object,int,java.lang.Object)
androidx.core.os.LocaleListCompat$Api24Impl: android.os.LocaleList getAdjustedDefault()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.CustomTabsMenuItem: int hashCode()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelDetails: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelDetails fromNotificationDetails(com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: int getActionBarHideOffset()
androidx.window.layout.SidecarAdapter: androidx.window.layout.WindowLayoutInfo translate(androidx.window.sidecar.SidecarWindowLayoutInfo,androidx.window.sidecar.SidecarDeviceState)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.CustomTabsHelper: boolean hasSpecializedHandlerIntents(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: java.lang.CharSequence getTitle()
com.google.zxing.BarcodeFormat: com.google.zxing.BarcodeFormat[] values()
com.facebook.FacebookRequestError$Category: com.facebook.FacebookRequestError$Category valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: void clearHistory()
kotlin.jvm.internal.FunctionReference: boolean isInfix()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: void readBigTextStyleInformation(com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails,java.util.Map,com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.styles.DefaultStyleInformation)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebSettingsBoundaryInterface: void setAlgorithmicDarkeningAllowed(boolean)
androidx.window.core.Version: androidx.window.core.Version access$getVERSION_0_1$cp()
androidx.security.crypto.MasterKey$KeyScheme: androidx.security.crypto.MasterKey$KeyScheme[] values()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void attachToNative()
androidx.window.layout.ActivityCompatHelperApi24: boolean isInMultiWindowMode(android.app.Activity)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.Size2D: double getWidth()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity: void show()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$4: void notImplemented()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.NavigationActionPolicy: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.NavigationActionPolicy[] $values()
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: android.view.MenuItem setIconTintList(android.view.MenuItem,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.exifinterface.media.ExifInterfaceUtils$Api21Impl: long lseek(java.io.FileDescriptor,long,int)
kotlin.jvm.internal.FunctionReference: kotlin.reflect.KCallable getReflected()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void setPlatformMessageHandler(io.flutter.embedding.engine.dart.PlatformMessageHandler)
androidx.window.java.layout.WindowInfoTrackerCallbackAdapter: void removeWindowLayoutInfoListener(androidx.core.util.Consumer)
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.scheduling.jobscheduling.SchedulerConfig$Flag: com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.scheduling.jobscheduling.SchedulerConfig$Flag[] values()
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingInterfaceCompat: void setSplitRules(java.util.Set)
androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend$Companion: ExtensionEmbeddingBackend$Companion(kotlin.jvm.internal.DefaultConstructorMarker)
androidx.window.layout.HardwareFoldingFeature$Companion: void validateFeatureBounds$window_release(androidx.window.core.Bounds)
android.support.v4.media.AudioAttributesCompatParcelizer: androidx.media.AudioAttributesCompat read(androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity$4: void onPageFinished(android.webkit.WebView,java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat$Api17Impl: int getMarginEnd(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: androidx.fragment.app.FragmentManager getSupportFragmentManager()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler$6: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.Object)
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: boolean dispatchNestedPreFling(float,float)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$2: void onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeInit(android.content.Context,java.lang.String[],java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,long)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.ServiceWorkerWebSettingsBoundaryInterface: void setAllowFileAccess(boolean)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api19Impl: boolean isAutoMirrored(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InputAwareWebView: InputAwareWebView(android.content.Context,android.view.View,java.lang.Boolean)
androidx.window.core.Bounds: boolean isEmpty()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.SurfaceTextureWrapper: android.graphics.SurfaceTexture surfaceTexture()
com.facebook.appevents.FlushResult: com.facebook.appevents.FlushResult[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: androidx.appcompat.widget.DecorToolbar getWrapper()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.CredentialDatabase: void setHttpAuthCredential(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Integer,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setPopupTheme(int)
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: int access$500(io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.BitmapSource: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.BitmapSource valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.gms.common.GooglePlayServicesMissingManifestValueException: GooglePlayServicesMissingManifestValueException()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.ContextMenuOptions: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Options parse(java.util.Map)
androidx.window.embedding.ActivityRule: androidx.window.embedding.ActivityRule plus$window_release(androidx.window.embedding.ActivityFilter)
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculatorCompat: android.graphics.Rect computeWindowBoundsQ$window_release(android.app.Activity)
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: void access$001(androidx.activity.ComponentActivity)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScriptInjectionTime: UserScriptInjectionTime(java.lang.String,int,int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.HitTestResult: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.pull_to_refresh.PullToRefreshLayout: PullToRefreshLayout(android.content.Context,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel,com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.pull_to_refresh.PullToRefreshOptions)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api23Impl: void setCompoundDrawableTintList(android.widget.TextView,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: void removeOnConfigurationChangedListener(androidx.core.util.Consumer)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: void printCurrentPage()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: void printCurrentPage()
com.facebook.appevents.codeless.internal.PathComponent$MatchBitmaskType: com.facebook.appevents.codeless.internal.PathComponent$MatchBitmaskType[] values()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyCookieManager$3: MyCookieManager$3(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyCookieManager,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: android.view.View findViewById(int)
androidx.core.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$Api31Impl: float onPullDistance(android.widget.EdgeEffect,float,float)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitController: boolean isSplitSupported()
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: float getRadius()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setImageLevel(int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: void evaluateJavascript(java.lang.String,com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.ContentWorld,android.webkit.ValueCallback)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient: void loadCustomJavaScriptOnPageFinished(android.webkit.WebView)
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: void onActivityResult(int,int,android.content.Intent)
kotlin.coroutines.jvm.internal.BaseContinuationImpl: kotlin.coroutines.Continuation create(kotlin.coroutines.Continuation)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: void invalidateOptionsMenu()
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: void openOptionsMenu()
androidx.core.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$Api21Impl: void onPull(android.widget.EdgeEffect,float,float)
androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend: boolean isSplitSupported()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeSafariBrowserManager: void dispose()
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setColorSchemeResources(int[])
androidx.window.embedding.ActivityFilter: android.content.ComponentName getComponentName()
androidx.window.layout.SidecarAdapter$Companion: SidecarAdapter$Companion(kotlin.jvm.internal.DefaultConstructorMarker)
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForN: android.webkit.ServiceWorkerWebSettings getServiceWorkerWebSettings(android.webkit.ServiceWorkerController)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: void openFileChooser(android.webkit.ValueCallback,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyCookieManager$1: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.Boolean)
com.facebook.appevents.PersistedEvents$SerializationProxyV1: java.lang.Object readResolve()
com.google.zxing.qrcode.decoder.ErrorCorrectionLevel: com.google.zxing.qrcode.decoder.ErrorCorrectionLevel[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setFirstBaselineToTopHeight(int)
androidx.window.java.layout.WindowInfoTrackerCallbackAdapter$addListener$1$1$invokeSuspend$$inlined$collect$1: WindowInfoTrackerCallbackAdapter$addListener$1$1$invokeSuspend$$inlined$collect$1(androidx.core.util.Consumer)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebResourceRequestBoundaryInterface: boolean isRedirect()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$3: void success(java.lang.Object)
kotlin.collections.EmptyMap: java.lang.Object readResolve()
kotlin.coroutines.CombinedContext$Serialized: java.lang.Object readResolve()
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.NetworkConnectionInfo$NetworkType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitPairRule: SplitPairRule(java.util.Set,boolean,boolean,boolean,int,int,float,int,int,kotlin.jvm.internal.DefaultConstructorMarker)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTrigger: java.util.List getUnlessTopUrl()
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingBackend: void unregisterRule(androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingRule)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.plugins.lifecycle.HiddenLifecycleReference: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle getLifecycle()
com.google.gson.FieldNamingPolicy: com.google.gson.FieldNamingPolicy valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: android.content.Intent getPhotoIntent()
okhttp3.TlsVersion: okhttp3.TlsVersion[] values()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyWebStorage: void getOrigins(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
androidx.window.layout.ExtensionInterfaceCompat: void onWindowLayoutChangeListenerAdded(android.app.Activity)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: void onHideCustomView()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivity: void prepareCustomTabsIntent(androidx.browser.customtabs.CustomTabsIntent)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitPairFilter: android.content.ComponentName getPrimaryActivityName()
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: boolean dispatchNestedFling(float,float,boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEmojiTextHelper getEmojiTextViewHelper()
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: ComponentActivity(int)
androidx.core.app.RemoteInput$Api26Impl: java.util.Set getAllowedDataTypes(java.lang.Object)
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingBackend: void setSplitRules(java.util.Set)
androidx.window.core.Version$Companion: androidx.window.core.Version getCURRENT()
androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend$WindowLayoutChangeCallbackWrapper: android.app.Activity getActivity()
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: boolean onMenuOpened(int,android.view.Menu)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.ClientCertChallenge: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setLogoDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api17Impl: int getLabelFor(android.view.View)
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForP: boolean stop(android.webkit.TracingController,java.io.OutputStream,java.util.concurrent.Executor)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: java.util.Map getWebMessageChannels()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$HapticFeedbackType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$HapticFeedbackType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: void getZoomScale(android.webkit.ValueCallback)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlocker: ContentBlocker(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTrigger,com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerAction)
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: int getNestedScrollAxes()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.RuntimeTypeAdapterFactory: java.lang.String access$000(com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.RuntimeTypeAdapterFactory)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: android.net.Uri getCapturedMediaFile()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: void injectCSSCode(java.lang.String)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setScaleX(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void showNotification(android.content.Context,com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails)
androidx.window.embedding.ActivityRule: java.util.Set getFilters()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: void clearSslPreferences()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity: void didStartNavigation(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.appevents.cloudbridge.ConversionsAPICustomEventField: com.facebook.appevents.cloudbridge.ConversionsAPICustomEventField valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$15: InAppWebView$15(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.DownloadStartRequest: java.lang.String getTextEncodingName()
androidx.core.content.FileProvider: android.net.Uri getUriForFile(android.content.Context,java.lang.String,java.io.File,java.lang.String)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.BitmapSource: BitmapSource(java.lang.String,int)
io.flutter.view.FlutterView: io.flutter.view.FlutterNativeView getFlutterNativeView()
androidx.window.embedding.SplitPairFilter: boolean matchesActivityPair(android.app.Activity,android.app.Activity)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: int getInputType()
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.ServiceWorkerWebSettingsBoundaryInterface: boolean getAllowContentAccess()
kotlin.jvm.internal.CallableReference: java.util.List getTypeParameters()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete: int getSearchViewTextMinWidthDp()
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: void supportInvalidateOptionsMenu()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.ClientCertChallenge: void setKeyTypes(java.lang.String[])
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.NotificationStyle: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.NotificationStyle[] values()
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api19Impl: void setAutoMirrored(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: void destroy()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.SettingsChannel$PlatformBrightness: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.SettingsChannel$PlatformBrightness valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: android.content.Intent getSupportParentActivityIntent()
kotlin.jvm.internal.CallableReference: java.lang.String getSignature()
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.backends.BackendResponse$Status: com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.backends.BackendResponse$Status valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Util$1: void run()
com.google.firebase.messaging.reporting.MessagingClientEvent$Event: com.google.firebase.messaging.reporting.MessagingClientEvent$Event[] values()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void setInboxStyle(com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails,androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PluginScript: boolean isRequiredInAllContentWorlds()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.CustomTabActivityHelper: boolean isAvailable(android.app.Activity)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: void findNext(boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$17: InAppWebViewChromeClient$17(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient,android.webkit.GeolocationPermissions$Callback,java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$14: InAppWebView$14(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView,int,int)
com.google.firebase.datatransport.TransportRegistrar: java.util.List getComponents()
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void moveSpinner(float)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity: void onDestroy()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getGravity()
com.baseflow.geolocator.errors.ErrorCodes: com.baseflow.geolocator.errors.ErrorCodes valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: void readPlatformSpecifics(java.util.Map,com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterActivityLaunchConfigs$BackgroundMode: io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterActivityLaunchConfigs$BackgroundMode[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setBackgroundResource(int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$15: InAppWebViewChromeClient$15(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient,android.webkit.JsResult)
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setAnimationProgress(float)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: float getTrimPathStart()
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: void addChildrenToFlutterNode(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
io.flutter.plugins.firebase.messaging.FlutterFirebaseAppRegistrar: java.util.List getComponents()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getShowDividers()
androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend$WindowLayoutChangeCallbackWrapper: void setLastInfo(androidx.window.layout.WindowLayoutInfo)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: boolean onConsoleMessage(android.webkit.ConsoleMessage)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$6: void success(java.lang.Object)
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.internal.SignInHubActivity: SignInHubActivity()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLProtectionSpace: java.lang.String getHost()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void invokePlatformMessageEmptyResponseCallback(int)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: void readInboxStyleInformation(com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails,java.util.Map,com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.styles.DefaultStyleInformation)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setActionBarHideOffset(int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.CredentialDatabaseHandler: void onMethodCall(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodCall,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: void isSecureContext(android.webkit.ValueCallback)
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingAdapter: java.util.List translate(java.util.List)
androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTrackerImpl$Companion: WindowInfoTrackerImpl$Companion(kotlin.jvm.internal.DefaultConstructorMarker)
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$State: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$State[] values()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: android.content.Context getContext()
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidDispatcherFactory: kotlinx.coroutines.MainCoroutineDispatcher createDispatcher(java.util.List)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: int getAutoSizeStepGranularity()
androidx.window.layout.SidecarAdapter$Companion: androidx.window.layout.DisplayFeature translate$window_release(androidx.window.sidecar.SidecarDisplayFeature,androidx.window.sidecar.SidecarDeviceState)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Util: java.lang.Object invokeMethodIfExists(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,java.lang.Object[])
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScript: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScript fromMap(java.util.Map)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebViewClientBoundaryInterface: boolean onWebAuthnIntent(android.webkit.WebView,android.app.PendingIntent,java.lang.reflect.InvocationHandler)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient: void access$1201(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient,android.webkit.WebView,android.os.Message,android.os.Message)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterOverlaySurface: android.view.Surface getSurface()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$8: InAppWebView$8(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView,java.util.Map,float,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTriggerResourceType: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTriggerResourceType[] $values()
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebViewProviderFactoryBoundaryInterface: java.lang.reflect.InvocationHandler getWebkitToCompatConverter()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient: boolean shouldOverrideUrlLoading(android.webkit.WebView,android.webkit.WebResourceRequest)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setCollapseIcon(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleMarginStart(int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$11: InAppWebViewChromeClient$11(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient,android.webkit.JsPromptResult)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: java.lang.CharSequence getPrompt()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportImageTintList()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.RuntimeTypeAdapterFactory: java.lang.Class access$100(com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.RuntimeTypeAdapterFactory)
xyz.luan.audioplayers.ReleaseMode: xyz.luan.audioplayers.ReleaseMode[] values()
com.google.i18n.phonenumbers.PhoneNumberUtil$PhoneNumberFormat: com.google.i18n.phonenumbers.PhoneNumberUtil$PhoneNumberFormat[] values()
androidx.core.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat$Api17Impl: void setMarginStart(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api17Impl: void setCompoundDrawablesRelative(android.widget.TextView,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.FlutterWebViewFactory: FlutterWebViewFactory(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VectorDrawableCompatState: int getChangingConfigurations()
com.facebook.appevents.codeless.internal.EventBinding$ActionType: com.facebook.appevents.codeless.internal.EventBinding$ActionType[] values()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.URLProtectionSpaceContract$FeedEntry: URLProtectionSpaceContract$FeedEntry()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.widget.TextView getTitleTextView()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLProtectionSpace: URLProtectionSpace(java.lang.Long,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getMinWidthMajor()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void handlePlatformMessageResponse(int,java.nio.ByteBuffer)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: void setBackground(android.view.View,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void ensureRunningOnMainThread()
androidx.window.layout.ExtensionInterfaceCompat: void onWindowLayoutChangeListenerRemoved(android.app.Activity)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.DownloadStartRequest: java.lang.String getUserAgent()
com.google.firebase.installations.FirebaseInstallationsRegistrar: java.util.List getComponents()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: boolean hasInvalidBigPictureResources(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result,com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitPlaceholderRule: SplitPlaceholderRule(java.util.Set,android.content.Intent,int,int,float,int)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: void setTheme(int)
androidx.window.core.Version$bigInteger$2: Version$bigInteger$2(androidx.window.core.Version)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setChecked(boolean)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitRule: boolean checkParentMetrics(android.view.WindowMetrics)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.ServiceWorkerWebSettingsBoundaryInterface: boolean getBlockNetworkLoads()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleMarginEnd(int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTriggerResourceType: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTriggerResourceType fromValue(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLRequest: void setUrl(java.lang.String)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebViewProviderFactoryBoundaryInterface: java.lang.reflect.InvocationHandler createWebView(android.webkit.WebView)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.NavigationAction: int hashCode()
androidx.window.layout.SidecarAdapter: boolean isEqualSidecarDisplayFeature(androidx.window.sidecar.SidecarDisplayFeature,androidx.window.sidecar.SidecarDisplayFeature)
com.google.firebase.messaging.threads.ThreadPriority: com.google.firebase.messaging.threads.ThreadPriority[] values()
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebViewProviderFactoryBoundaryInterface: java.lang.reflect.InvocationHandler getServiceWorkerController()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeSurfaceCreated(long,android.view.Surface)
com.google.firebase.installations.remote.TokenResult$ResponseCode: com.google.firebase.installations.remote.TokenResult$ResponseCode[] values()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: int getWindowSystemUiVisibility(android.view.View)
androidx.core.os.TraceCompat$Api18Impl: void endSection()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlocker: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTrigger getTrigger()
androidx.window.layout.SidecarAdapter: java.lang.String access$getTAG$cp()
com.google.gson.ToNumberPolicy: com.google.gson.ToNumberPolicy[] values()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity: void onBrowserCreated()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Util$1$1: void success(java.lang.Object)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void initialize(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodCall,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterTextureView: void setRenderSurface(android.view.Surface)
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForN: void setCacheMode(android.webkit.ServiceWorkerWebSettings,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: android.view.ActionMode$Callback getCustomSelectionActionModeCallback()
kotlin.coroutines.jvm.internal.BaseContinuationImpl: BaseContinuationImpl(kotlin.coroutines.Continuation)
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: void onMultiWindowModeChanged(boolean,android.content.res.Configuration)
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void startScaleDownReturnToStartAnimation(int,android.view.animation.Animation$AnimationListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: java.lang.CharSequence getQueryHint()
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.TracingControllerBoundaryInterface: boolean stop(java.io.OutputStream,java.util.concurrent.Executor)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler: InAppWebViewMethodHandler(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient: void onScaleChanged(android.webkit.WebView,float,float)
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetrics: java.lang.String toString()
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action[] values()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: boolean canScrollHorizontally()
androidx.core.content.FileProvider: android.net.Uri getUriForFile(android.content.Context,java.lang.String,java.io.File)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: void getSelectedText(android.webkit.ValueCallback)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.IsomorphicObjectBoundaryInterface: java.lang.Object getOrCreatePeer(java.util.concurrent.Callable)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: void evaluateJavascript(java.lang.String,com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.ContentWorld,android.webkit.ValueCallback)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterOverlaySurface: FlutterOverlaySurface(int,android.view.Surface)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLCredential: void setId(java.lang.Long)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebViewProviderFactoryBoundaryInterface: java.lang.reflect.InvocationHandler getProxyController()
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: void onStart()
androidx.window.embedding.SplitRule: int hashCode()
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.RevocationBoundService: RevocationBoundService()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: void openFileChooser(android.webkit.ValueCallback,java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean dispatchNestedPreScroll(android.view.View,int,int,int[],int[])
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTrigger: void setIfDomain(java.util.List)
androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend$SplitListenerWrapper: void accept$lambda-1(androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend$SplitListenerWrapper,java.util.List)
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: SwipeRefreshLayout(android.content.Context)
com.facebook.common.Common: Common()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: boolean zoomOut()
androidx.window.layout.ExtensionInterfaceCompat: void setExtensionCallback(androidx.window.layout.ExtensionInterfaceCompat$ExtensionCallbackInterface)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api19Impl: boolean isLaidOut(android.view.View)
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingAdapter: java.lang.Object component1(android.util.Pair)
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void onStopNestedScroll(android.view.View)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: float getZoomScale()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin: void onDetachedFromEngine(io.flutter.embedding.engine.plugins.FlutterPlugin$FlutterPluginBinding)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ActionBroadcastReceiver: void onReceive(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.widget.TextView getSubtitleTextView()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLRequest: java.lang.String getMethod()
androidx.appcompat.view.WindowCallbackWrapper$Api23Impl: android.view.ActionMode onWindowStartingActionMode(android.view.Window$Callback,android.view.ActionMode$Callback,int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLCredential: java.lang.String getPassword()
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: boolean dispatchKeyEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: int getContentPaddingBottom()
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getCardBackgroundColor()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.NavigationActionPolicy: boolean equalsValue(int)
androidx.core.view.DisplayCutoutCompat$Api28Impl: int getSafeInsetBottom(android.view.DisplayCutout)
androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend: void callbackRemovedForActivity(android.app.Activity)
androidx.core.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$Api28Impl: boolean shouldShowMenuShortcutsWhenKeyboardPresent(android.view.ViewConfiguration)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.ClientCertChallenge: int hashCode()
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: void onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: void startIntentSenderForResult(android.content.IntentSender,int,android.content.Intent,int,int,int)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setTranslateX(float)
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForQ: int getForceDark(android.webkit.WebSettings)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebResourceErrorBoundaryInterface: int getErrorCode()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: void disposeWebMessageChannels()
com.google.firebase.messaging.EnhancedIntentService: EnhancedIntentService()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler$6: InAppWebViewMethodHandler$6(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.UrlLauncher$LaunchStatus: io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.UrlLauncher$LaunchStatus valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScriptInjectionTime: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScriptInjectionTime valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerHandler$1: ContentBlockerHandler$1(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerHandler,java.lang.String[],com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView,java.util.concurrent.CountDownLatch)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyCookieManager: MyCookieManager(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: boolean hasInvalidLedDetails(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result,com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setImageLevel(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextHelper$Api26Impl: void setAutoSizeTextTypeUniformWithPresetSizes(android.widget.TextView,int[],int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setCheckMarkDrawable(int)
androidx.window.java.layout.WindowInfoTrackerCallbackAdapter$addListener$1$1: java.lang.Object invokeSuspend(java.lang.Object)
com.google.zxing.qrcode.decoder.Mode: com.google.zxing.qrcode.decoder.Mode valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.JavaScriptBridgeInterface: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView access$000(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.JavaScriptBridgeInterface)
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setDistanceToTriggerSync(int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void setRefreshRateFPS(float)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.util.HashMap getMappedNotificationChannel(android.app.NotificationChannel)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.MenuPopupHelper$Api17Impl: void getRealSize(android.view.Display,android.graphics.Point)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity$1: boolean onQueryTextChange(java.lang.String)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.VisualStateCallbackBoundaryInterface: void onComplete(long)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.RepeatInterval: RepeatInterval(java.lang.String,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: int getPopupTheme()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setDropDownVerticalOffset(int)
io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.FlutterFirebaseCoreRegistrar: FlutterFirebaseCoreRegistrar()
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculatorCompat: androidx.window.layout.WindowMetrics computeCurrentWindowMetrics(android.app.Activity)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: void loadUrl(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLRequest)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$3: InAppWebViewClient$3(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient,android.webkit.SslErrorHandler,android.webkit.WebView,android.net.http.SslError)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: boolean performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.security.crypto.EncryptedSharedPreferences$PrefKeyEncryptionScheme: androidx.security.crypto.EncryptedSharedPreferences$PrefKeyEncryptionScheme valueOf(java.lang.String)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebViewClientBoundaryInterface: boolean shouldOverrideUrlLoading(android.webkit.WebView,android.webkit.WebResourceRequest)
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterView: void setWindowInfoListenerDisplayFeatures(androidx.window.layout.WindowLayoutInfo)
kotlin.coroutines.jvm.internal.BaseContinuationImpl: kotlin.coroutines.jvm.internal.CoroutineStackFrame getCallerFrame()
androidx.core.text.ICUCompat$Api24Impl: android.icu.util.ULocale forLocale(java.util.Locale)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitController$Companion: void initialize(android.content.Context,int)
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: void reportFullyDrawn()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void handlePlatformMessage(java.lang.String,java.nio.ByteBuffer,int,long)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.Size2D: int hashCode()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLCredential: void setProtectionSpaceId(java.lang.Long)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebViewRendererClientBoundaryInterface: void onRendererUnresponsive(android.webkit.WebView,java.lang.reflect.InvocationHandler)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$8: void run()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Options: java.util.Map getRealOptions(java.lang.Object)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: void hideContextMenu()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.FlutterWebView: void dispose()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.content.Context getPopupContext()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getPopupTheme()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$3: void run()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin: void onAttachedToEngine(android.content.Context,io.flutter.plugin.common.BinaryMessenger,android.app.Activity,io.flutter.plugin.platform.PlatformViewRegistry,io.flutter.view.FlutterView)
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: void addMenuProvider(androidx.core.view.MenuProvider)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void setSound(android.content.Context,com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails,androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)
androidx.browser.customtabs.CustomTabsCallback: void onMessageChannelReady(android.os.Bundle)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setImeOptions(int)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.util.Map extractNotificationResponseMap(android.content.Intent)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: void setWebMessageChannels(java.util.Map)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewStatic: void onMethodCall(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodCall,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.DisplayListenerProxy: void onPostWebViewInitialization(android.hardware.display.DisplayManager)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyWebStorage$3: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.Object)
androidx.security.crypto.EncryptedSharedPreferences$PrefKeyEncryptionScheme: androidx.security.crypto.EncryptedSharedPreferences$PrefKeyEncryptionScheme[] values()
androidx.core.content.res.ResourcesCompat$Api21Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getDrawable(android.content.res.Resources,int,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Api16Impl: int getMaxLines(android.widget.TextView)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController$1: UserContentController$1(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api19Impl: boolean isLayoutDirectionResolved(android.view.View)
kotlin.jvm.internal.CallableReference: kotlin.reflect.KVisibility getVisibility()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void requestPermission(com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.PermissionRequestListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setPrompt(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$2: void error(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Object)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void onDetachedFromEngine(io.flutter.embedding.engine.plugins.FlutterPlugin$FlutterPluginBinding)
androidx.window.layout.DisplayCompatHelperApi28: int safeInsetRight(android.view.DisplayCutout)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: int getPreferredWidth()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebSettingsBoundaryInterface: boolean getSafeBrowsingEnabled()
com.facebook.HttpMethod: com.facebook.HttpMethod valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.window.layout.ActivityCompatHelperApi24: ActivityCompatHelperApi24()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient: void onUnhandledKeyEvent(android.webkit.WebView,android.view.KeyEvent)
androidx.window.layout.SidecarAdapter: SidecarAdapter()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$attr: R$attr()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Util: java.security.cert.X509Certificate getX509CertFromSslCertHack(android.net.http.SslCertificate)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner$SpinnerPopup getInternalPopup()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: android.view.View access$600(io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.NavigationAction: void setForMainFrame(boolean)
androidx.window.embedding.ActivityFilter: java.lang.String toString()
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: void setMinimumHeight(int)
com.facebook.appevents.internal.AppEventsLoggerUtility$GraphAPIActivityType: com.facebook.appevents.internal.AppEventsLoggerUtility$GraphAPIActivityType[] values()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.JavaScriptBridgeInterface$2$1: void error(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Object)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SystemUiMode: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SystemUiMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Util: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Util$WaitFlutterResult invokeMethodAndWait(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel,java.lang.String,java.lang.Object)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$4$1: InAppWebView$4$1(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$4)
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: int getNumericModifiers(android.view.MenuItem)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportButtonTintList()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PlatformWebView: void onFlutterViewDetached()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.URLProtectionSpaceDao: long delete(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLProtectionSpace)
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: boolean onMenuItemSelected(int,android.view.MenuItem)
androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend$Companion: SidecarWindowBackend$Companion(kotlin.jvm.internal.DefaultConstructorMarker)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextCapitalization: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextCapitalization[] values()
kotlin.coroutines.jvm.internal.SuspendLambda: int getArity()
androidx.window.embedding.SplitPairRule: boolean getFinishPrimaryWithSecondary()
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: void setCardElevation(float)
androidx.window.layout.HardwareFoldingFeature$Type: java.lang.String toString()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.Size2D: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.Size2D fromMap(java.util.Map)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebViewProviderBoundaryInterface: java.lang.reflect.InvocationHandler getWebViewRendererClient()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient: void onSafeBrowsingHit(android.webkit.WebView,android.webkit.WebResourceRequest,int,android.webkit.SafeBrowsingResponse)
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: int getNestedScrollAxes()
androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend$ExtensionListenerImpl: SidecarWindowBackend$ExtensionListenerImpl(androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend)
androidx.window.layout.HardwareFoldingFeature$Companion: HardwareFoldingFeature$Companion()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient: boolean shouldOverrideUrlLoading(android.webkit.WebView,java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController: void addUserOnlyScripts(java.util.List)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: void clearAllCache()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean dispatchNestedFling(android.view.View,float,float,boolean)
androidx.window.layout.SidecarAdapter: java.util.List translate(java.util.List,androidx.window.sidecar.SidecarDeviceState)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setImageURI(android.net.Uri)
LogLevel: LogLevel valueOf(java.lang.String)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.ServiceWorkerControllerBoundaryInterface: java.lang.reflect.InvocationHandler getServiceWorkerWebSettings()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLRequest: java.lang.String toString()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean hasNestedScrollingParent(android.view.View)
com.google.i18n.phonenumbers.PhoneNumberUtil$PhoneNumberType: com.google.i18n.phonenumbers.PhoneNumberUtil$PhoneNumberType[] values()
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$3$1: ProcessLifecycleOwner$3$1(androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$3)
kotlin.reflect.KVisibility: kotlin.reflect.KVisibility valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$DownloadStartListener: InAppWebView$DownloadStartListener(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyCookieManager: void deleteCookies(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$6: InAppWebView$6(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void setActivity(android.app.Activity)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api21Impl: void setTintMode(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: void setPresenter(androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitController: void access$setStaticSplitRules(androidx.window.embedding.SplitController,java.util.Set)
com.facebook.login.LoginBehavior: com.facebook.login.LoginBehavior valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$color: R$color()
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: boolean performMenuItemShortcut(android.view.KeyEvent)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeSafariBrowserManager: ChromeSafariBrowserManager(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$id: R$id()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.CustomTabActivityHelper: void openCustomTab(android.app.Activity,androidx.browser.trusted.TrustedWebActivityIntent,android.net.Uri,int)
androidx.window.java.layout.WindowInfoTrackerCallbackAdapter$addListener$1$1: java.lang.Object invoke(kotlinx.coroutines.CoroutineScope,kotlin.coroutines.Continuation)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$10$1: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.Object)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingTranslatingCallback: EmbeddingTranslatingCallback(androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingInterfaceCompat$EmbeddingCallbackInterface,androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingAdapter)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: boolean hasOverlappingRendering(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivity: void onActivityResult(int,int,android.content.Intent)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitRule: SplitRule()
androidx.exifinterface.media.ExifInterfaceUtils$Api21Impl: void close(java.io.FileDescriptor)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageListener: WebMessageListener(java.lang.String,com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface,io.flutter.plugin.common.BinaryMessenger,java.lang.String,java.util.Set)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$13: InAppWebViewChromeClient$13(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient,android.webkit.JsResult)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.pull_to_refresh.PullToRefreshLayout$1: boolean canChildScrollUp(androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout,android.view.View)
com.facebook.login.Login: Login()
kotlin.jvm.internal.FunctionReference: boolean isSuspend()
io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.FlutterFirebaseCoreRegistrar: java.util.List getComponents()
androidx.core.text.TextUtilsCompat$Api17Impl: int getLayoutDirectionFromLocale(java.util.Locale)
android.support.v4.media.AudioAttributesCompatParcelizer: AudioAttributesCompatParcelizer()
kotlin.SynchronizedLazyImpl: java.lang.Object writeReplace()
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculatorCompat: android.graphics.Rect computeWindowBoundsN$window_release(android.app.Activity)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler: void dispose()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController: void removePluginScriptsByGroupName(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$2: void notImplemented()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setBackgroundResource(int)
com.google.firebase.messaging.reporting.MessagingClientEvent$MessageType: com.google.firebase.messaging.reporting.MessagingClientEvent$MessageType[] values()
androidx.core.view.ViewParentCompat$Api21Impl: boolean onNestedFling(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,float,float,boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserManager: void dispose()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: void injectCSSFileFromUrl(java.lang.String,java.util.Map)
androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTrackerImpl$windowLayoutInfo$1: WindowInfoTrackerImpl$windowLayoutInfo$1(androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTrackerImpl,android.app.Activity,kotlin.coroutines.Continuation)
android.support.v4.media.AudioAttributesCompatParcelizer: void write(androidx.media.AudioAttributesCompat,androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Util: boolean isClass(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterView: android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProvider getAccessibilityNodeProvider()
com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeyStatusType: com.google.crypto.tink.proto.KeyStatusType valueOf(java.lang.String)
kotlin.coroutines.jvm.internal.BaseContinuationImpl: kotlin.coroutines.Continuation getCompletion()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin: void onAttachedToEngine(io.flutter.embedding.engine.plugins.FlutterPlugin$FlutterPluginBinding)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: android.graphics.Point access$000(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTrigger: void setUrlFilterPatternCompiled(java.util.regex.Pattern)
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: void onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.NavigationAction: boolean isHasGesture()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.IconSource: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.IconSource[] $values()
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: void onDestroy()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: java.util.ArrayList readMessages(java.util.ArrayList)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebViewProviderFactoryBoundaryInterface: void setSupportLibraryVersion(java.lang.String)
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForP: android.os.Looper getWebViewLooper(android.webkit.WebView)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: int getFirstBaselineToTopHeight()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: java.lang.CharSequence getSubtitle()
androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature$OcclusionType$Companion: FoldingFeature$OcclusionType$Companion(kotlin.jvm.internal.DefaultConstructorMarker)
com.facebook.appevents.FlushReason: com.facebook.appevents.FlushReason[] values()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$6: InAppWebViewClient$6(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient,android.os.Message,android.os.Message,android.webkit.WebView)
androidx.window.layout.ExtensionInterfaceCompat: boolean validateExtensionInterface()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: android.app.PendingIntent getBroadcastPendingIntent(android.content.Context,int,android.content.Intent)
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setProgressBackgroundColorSchemeResource(int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void loadLibrary()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: void setOverflowReserved(boolean)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api21Impl: void setTint(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api19Impl: int getAccessibilityLiveRegion(android.view.View)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: java.lang.Boolean acceptsAny(java.lang.String[])
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.styles.BigPictureStyleInformation: BigPictureStyleInformation(java.lang.Boolean,java.lang.Boolean,java.lang.String,java.lang.Boolean,java.lang.String,java.lang.Boolean,java.lang.Object,com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.BitmapSource,java.lang.Object,com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.BitmapSource,java.lang.Boolean)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void show(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodCall,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity: void closeButtonClicked(android.view.MenuItem)
com.facebook.login.LoginTargetApp: com.facebook.login.LoginTargetApp valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: void startActivityFromFragment(androidx.fragment.app.Fragment,android.content.Intent,int,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.window.java.layout.WindowInfoTrackerCallbackAdapter: void removeListener(androidx.core.util.Consumer)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextHelper$Api17Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable[] getCompoundDrawablesRelative(android.widget.TextView)
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.QosTier: com.google.android.datatransport.cct.internal.QosTier valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageListener: void onMethodCall(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodCall,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: InAppWebView(android.content.Context,com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel,java.lang.Object,java.lang.Integer,com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions,java.util.Map,android.view.View,java.util.List)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.ServiceWorkerManager: ServiceWorkerManager(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin)
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: void onRequestPermissionsResult(int,java.lang.String[],int[])
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void callCompatInsetAnimationCallback(android.view.WindowInsets,android.view.View)
androidx.core.widget.ImageViewCompat$Api21Impl: android.content.res.ColorStateList getImageTintList(android.widget.ImageView)
com.facebook.FacebookRequestError$Category: com.facebook.FacebookRequestError$Category[] values()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void dispatchPointerDataPacket(java.nio.ByteBuffer,int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.CustomTabsActionButton: void setDescription(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setMeasureWithLargestChildEnabled(boolean)
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat$DistinctSidecarElementCallback: void onDeviceStateChanged(androidx.window.sidecar.SidecarDeviceState)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeDeferredComponentInstallFailure(int,java.lang.String,boolean)
okhttp3.internal.http2.ErrorCode: okhttp3.internal.http2.ErrorCode valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.firebase.messaging.FirebaseMessagingRegistrar: FirebaseMessagingRegistrar()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api20Impl: void requestApplyInsets(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: ViewStubCompat(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: boolean dispatchNestedPreScroll(int,int,int[],int[],int)
androidx.core.content.FileProvider: FileProvider()
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPostStarted(android.app.Activity)
androidx.core.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat$Api17Impl: int getLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$4: void error(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Object)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.ServiceWorkerClientBoundaryInterface: android.webkit.WebResourceResponse shouldInterceptRequest(android.webkit.WebResourceRequest)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$10: void onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$9: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.Object)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebMessageListenerBoundaryInterface: void onPostMessage(android.webkit.WebView,java.lang.reflect.InvocationHandler,android.net.Uri,boolean,java.lang.reflect.InvocationHandler)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.DisplayListenerProxy$1: void onDisplayRemoved(int)
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: void addOnPictureInPictureModeChangedListener(androidx.core.util.Consumer)
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForM: java.lang.CharSequence getDescription(android.webkit.WebResourceError)
androidx.core.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$Api16Impl: android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProvider getAccessibilityNodeProvider(android.view.View$AccessibilityDelegate,android.view.View)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitPlaceholderRule: int hashCode()
androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend: void setSplitRules(java.util.Set)
androidx.window.layout.SidecarAdapter$Companion: int getRawSidecarDevicePosture(androidx.window.sidecar.SidecarDeviceState)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void onFirstFrame()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setIconifiedByDefault(boolean)
androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature$Orientation$Companion: FoldingFeature$Orientation$Companion(kotlin.jvm.internal.DefaultConstructorMarker)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: void setOptions(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions,java.util.HashMap)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getTitle()
io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.UrlLauncher$LaunchStatus: io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.UrlLauncher$LaunchStatus[] values()
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterSplashView$SavedState: FlutterSplashView$SavedState(android.os.Parcel)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient: void access$1101(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient,android.webkit.WebView,android.os.Message,android.os.Message)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ServiceConnection: void onServiceDisconnected(android.content.ComponentName)
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterView: io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterImageView getCurrentImageSurface()
androidx.window.embedding.SplitController$Companion: SplitController$Companion(kotlin.jvm.internal.DefaultConstructorMarker)
androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend$Companion: boolean isExtensionVersionSupported(java.lang.Integer)
androidx.security.crypto.MasterKey$Builder$Api23Impl$Api30Impl: void setUserAuthenticationParameters(android.security.keystore.KeyGenParameterSpec$Builder,int,int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.CreateWindowAction: int getWindowId()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getCollapseIcon()
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.TracingControllerBoundaryInterface: void start(int,java.util.Collection,int)
com.google.firebase.concurrent.ExecutorsRegistrar: ExecutorsRegistrar()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: void pauseTimers()
io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.ImagePickerCache$CacheType: io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.ImagePickerCache$CacheType[] values()
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.DropDataContentProviderBoundaryInterface: java.lang.String getType(android.net.Uri)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setLogo(int)
androidx.appcompat.app.ResourcesFlusher$Api16Impl: void clear(android.util.LongSparseArray)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: NotificationDetails()
androidx.core.os.LocaleListCompat$Api24Impl: android.os.LocaleList getDefault()
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setRefreshing(boolean,boolean)
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterActivityLaunchConfigs$BackgroundMode: io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterActivityLaunchConfigs$BackgroundMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: void onResume()
androidx.core.app.RemoteInput$Api16Impl: void setClipData(android.content.Intent,android.content.ClipData)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: java.lang.CharSequence getAccessibilityPaneTitle(android.view.View)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLProtectionSpace: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingCompat$Companion: EmbeddingCompat$Companion(kotlin.jvm.internal.DefaultConstructorMarker)
com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.LifecycleCallback: com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.LifecycleFragment getChimeraLifecycleFragmentImpl(com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.LifecycleActivity)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setOnQueryTextListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$OnQueryTextListener)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void registerIn(android.app.Activity)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: void clearCookies()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: android.view.ActionMode rebuildActionMode(android.view.ActionMode,android.view.ActionMode$Callback)
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat: SidecarCompat(android.content.Context)
com.google.zxing.oned.Code128Writer$CType: com.google.zxing.oned.Code128Writer$CType[] values()
com.facebook.AuthenticationTokenManager$CurrentAuthenticationTokenChangedBroadcastReceiver: AuthenticationTokenManager$CurrentAuthenticationTokenChangedBroadcastReceiver()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.CustomTabActivityHelper: void onServiceDisconnected()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient: android.webkit.WebResourceResponse shouldInterceptRequest(android.webkit.WebView,java.lang.String)
androidx.window.core.Version: int getMajor()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setZ(android.view.View,float)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebkitToCompatConverterBoundaryInterface: java.lang.Object convertWebResourceError(java.lang.reflect.InvocationHandler)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: void onSupportActionModeStarted(androidx.appcompat.view.ActionMode)
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForN: void setBlockNetworkLoads(android.webkit.ServiceWorkerWebSettings,boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerActionType: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerActionType[] $values()
com.google.crypto.tink.KeyTemplate$OutputPrefixType: com.google.crypto.tink.KeyTemplate$OutputPrefixType[] values()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler$1: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.Object)
com.baseflow.geolocator.permission.LocationPermission: com.baseflow.geolocator.permission.LocationPermission valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PluginScript: PluginScript(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScriptInjectionTime,com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.ContentWorld,boolean)
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: CardView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView: void setContentHeight(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView: void setAllowCollapse(boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$9: InAppWebView$9(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView,java.lang.String,boolean,com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PluginScript)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient: void onFormResubmission(android.webkit.WebView,android.os.Message,android.os.Message)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setPivotY(float)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: void createPromptDialog(android.webkit.WebView,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,android.webkit.JsPromptResult,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature$State: FoldingFeature$State(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler$2: InAppWebViewMethodHandler$2(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: boolean dispatchNestedPreScroll(int,int,int[],int[])
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setWindowTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: java.lang.String[] computePlatformResolvedLocale(java.lang.String[])
androidx.window.core.Version: int getMinor()
androidx.appcompat.widget.MenuPopupWindow$MenuDropDownListView: void setSelector(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PreferredContentModeOptionType: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PreferredContentModeOptionType[] $values()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewRenderProcessClient$1: void error(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Object)
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: androidx.lifecycle.ViewModelStore getViewModelStore()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextHelper$Api28Impl: android.graphics.Typeface create(android.graphics.Typeface,int,boolean)
androidx.window.layout.SidecarAdapter$Companion: SidecarAdapter$Companion()
androidx.webkit.WebViewRenderProcessClient: void onRenderProcessResponsive(android.webkit.WebView,androidx.webkit.WebViewRenderProcess)
androidx.core.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat$Api17Impl: void setMarginEnd(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.WebViewClientHostApiImpl$WebViewClientCompatImpl: void onPageStarted(android.webkit.WebView,java.lang.String,android.graphics.Bitmap)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void scheduleNextRepeatingNotification(android.content.Context,com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void setLocalizationPlugin(io.flutter.plugin.localization.LocalizationPlugin)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.PersonDetails readPersonDetails(java.util.Map)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void removeNotificationFromCache(android.content.Context,java.lang.Integer)
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setLegacyRequestDisallowInterceptTouchEventEnabled(boolean)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void deleteNotificationChannel(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodCall,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.CredentialDatabase: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.CredentialDatabase getInstance(android.content.Context)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: SearchView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.gms.cloudmessaging.CloudMessagingReceiver: CloudMessagingReceiver()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.RuntimeTypeAdapterFactory: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.RuntimeTypeAdapterFactory registerSubtype(java.lang.Class,java.lang.String)
kotlin.text.Regex: java.lang.Object writeReplace()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.NavigationActionPolicy: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.NavigationActionPolicy valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: void onBackPressed()
androidx.window.layout.DisplayCompatHelperApi17: DisplayCompatHelperApi17()
dev.fluttercommunity.plus.share.SharePlusPendingIntent: SharePlusPendingIntent()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.utils.BooleanUtils: boolean getValue(java.lang.Boolean)
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: boolean hasNestedScrollingParent(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: void setOverflowIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplApi21Parcelizer: AudioAttributesImplApi21Parcelizer()
androidx.browser.customtabs.CustomTabsCallback: CustomTabsCallback()
androidx.window.core.Bounds: int getLeft()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete: void setSearchView(androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView)
LogLevel: LogLevel[] values()
androidx.window.core.Version: Version(int,int,int,java.lang.String,kotlin.jvm.internal.DefaultConstructorMarker)
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: void supportFinishAfterTransition()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.DownloadStartRequest: void setContentDisposition(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void onPreEngineRestart()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsOptions: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Options parse(java.util.Map)
androidx.core.text.ICUCompat$Api24Impl: java.lang.String getScript(java.lang.Object)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void applyGrouping(com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails,androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitController: void access$setGlobalInstance$cp(androidx.window.embedding.SplitController)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setOnSearchClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: void postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeUpdateJavaAssetManager(long,android.content.res.AssetManager,java.lang.String)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitPairRule: SplitPairRule(java.util.Set,boolean,boolean,boolean,int,int,float,int)
androidx.core.app.AlarmManagerCompat$Api19Impl: void setExact(android.app.AlarmManager,int,long,android.app.PendingIntent)
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.scheduling.jobscheduling.SchedulerConfig$Flag: com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.scheduling.jobscheduling.SchedulerConfig$Flag valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.CustomTabActivityHelper: void onServiceConnected(androidx.browser.customtabs.CustomTabsClient)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeDispatchPointerDataPacket(long,java.nio.ByteBuffer,int)
android.support.v4.media.AudioAttributesImplBaseParcelizer: AudioAttributesImplBaseParcelizer()
androidx.loader.app.LoaderManagerImpl$LoaderViewModel: LoaderManagerImpl$LoaderViewModel()
com.google.android.gms.location.LocationRequest: LocationRequest()
androidx.window.layout.WindowLayoutInfo: java.util.List getDisplayFeatures()
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: void setContentView(android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentContainerView: void setDrawDisappearingViewsLast(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setTextFuture(java.util.concurrent.Future)
com.google.firebase.installations.remote.TokenResult$ResponseCode: com.google.firebase.installations.remote.TokenResult$ResponseCode valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.util.ObjectsCompat$Api19Impl: int hash(java.lang.Object[])
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsOptions: ChromeCustomTabsOptions()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatReceiveContentHelper$OnDropApi24Impl: boolean onDropForView(android.view.DragEvent,android.view.View,android.app.Activity)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.ScheduledNotificationRepeatFrequency: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.ScheduledNotificationRepeatFrequency valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Util: boolean isIPv6(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.DisplayListenerProxy: java.util.ArrayList yoinkDisplayListeners(android.hardware.display.DisplayManager)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setQueryHint(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.ThreadedInputConnectionProxyAdapterView: android.os.Handler getHandler()
androidx.window.layout.ExtensionWindowLayoutInfoBackend$MulticastConsumer: void accept(androidx.window.extensions.layout.WindowLayoutInfo)
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat: void unregisterComponentCallback(android.app.Activity)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: int getContentHeight()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.HitTestResult: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.HitTestResult fromWebViewHitTestResult(android.webkit.WebView$HitTestResult)
com.baseflow.geolocator.location.LocationAccuracyStatus: com.baseflow.geolocator.location.LocationAccuracyStatus[] values()
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: void onStateNotSaved()
com.it_nomads.fluttersecurestorage.ciphers.StorageCipherAlgorithm: com.it_nomads.fluttersecurestorage.ciphers.StorageCipherAlgorithm valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.security.crypto.EncryptedSharedPreferences$PrefValueEncryptionScheme: androidx.security.crypto.EncryptedSharedPreferences$PrefValueEncryptionScheme valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForM: void postWebMessage(android.webkit.WebView,android.webkit.WebMessage,android.net.Uri)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.CustomTabActivityHelper: void setCustomTabsCallback(androidx.browser.customtabs.CustomTabsCallback)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getDividerDrawable()
kotlin.coroutines.jvm.internal.BaseContinuationImpl: java.lang.String toString()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: int getDropDownWidth()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.headless_in_app_webview.HeadlessInAppWebViewManager: void onMethodCall(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodCall,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebViewProviderBoundaryInterface: java.lang.reflect.InvocationHandler addDocumentStartJavaScript(java.lang.String,java.lang.String[])
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: int getDrawableResourceId(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.FlutterWebViewFactory: io.flutter.plugin.platform.PlatformView create(android.content.Context,int,java.lang.Object)
androidx.window.layout.EmptyDecorator: EmptyDecorator()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: void onShowCustomView(android.view.View,android.webkit.WebChromeClient$CustomViewCallback)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScript: void setGroupName(java.lang.String)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitPairRule: boolean getFinishSecondaryWithPrimary()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController: java.lang.String generateContentWorldsCreatorCode()
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.DropDataContentProviderBoundaryInterface: android.os.Bundle call(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
kotlin.coroutines.EmptyCoroutineContext: java.lang.Object readResolve()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api17Impl: int generateViewId()
kotlin.collections.EmptyList: java.lang.Object readResolve()
androidx.emoji2.text.ConcurrencyHelpers$Handler28Impl: android.os.Handler createAsync(android.os.Looper)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLCredential: java.lang.String toString()
androidx.webkit.WebViewClientCompat: WebViewClientCompat()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageListener: void dispose()
io.flutter.plugin.platform.PlatformViewFactory: PlatformViewFactory(io.flutter.plugin.common.MessageCodec)
androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature$OcclusionType: java.lang.String toString()
androidx.window.embedding.SplitPlaceholderRule: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityStopped(android.app.Activity)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setButtonDrawable(int)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebSettingsBoundaryInterface: int getForceDarkBehavior()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void setBigPictureStyle(android.content.Context,com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails,androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)
androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTracker$Companion: void reset()
kotlin.jvm.internal.CallableReference: CallableReference(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Class,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserDelegate getInAppBrowserDelegate()
androidx.window.layout.SidecarAdapter$Companion: int getSidecarDevicePosture$window_release(androidx.window.sidecar.SidecarDeviceState)
com.facebook.internal.FeatureManager$Feature: com.facebook.internal.FeatureManager$Feature[] values()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.JavaScriptBridgeInterface: io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel access$100(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.JavaScriptBridgeInterface)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.NavigationAction: java.lang.String toString()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageChannel createWebMessageChannel(android.webkit.ValueCallback)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.ServiceWorkerManager: void dispose()
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: boolean access$302(io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback,boolean)
androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature$OcclusionType: FoldingFeature$OcclusionType(java.lang.String)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.Integer tryParseInt(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler$1: InAppWebViewMethodHandler$1(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getScaleX()
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: SwipeRefreshLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyWebStorage: void onMethodCall(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodCall,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.HitTestResult: int getType()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController$3: UserContentController$3(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController)
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForN: androidx.webkit.internal.ServiceWorkerWebSettingsImpl getServiceWorkerWebSettingsImpl(android.webkit.ServiceWorkerController)
okhttp3.TlsVersion: okhttp3.TlsVersion valueOf(java.lang.String)
kotlin.jvm.internal.CallableReference: java.lang.Object call(java.lang.Object[])
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void onRenderingStopped()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.pull_to_refresh.PullToRefreshOptions: java.util.Map toMap()
com.facebook.appevents.cloudbridge.AppEventType: com.facebook.appevents.cloudbridge.AppEventType[] values()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.ThreadedInputConnectionProxyAdapterView: boolean checkInputConnectionProxy(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: int getImeOptions()
okhttp3.Protocol: okhttp3.Protocol[] values()
androidx.window.embedding.SplitInfo: java.lang.String toString()
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebMessageCallbackBoundaryInterface: void onMessage(java.lang.reflect.InvocationHandler,java.lang.reflect.InvocationHandler)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.TrustedWebActivitySingleInstance: TrustedWebActivitySingleInstance()
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void onSecondaryPointerUp(android.view.MotionEvent)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: void setPopupTheme(int)
androidx.lifecycle.SavedStateHandlesVM: SavedStateHandlesVM()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageChannel createCompatWebMessageChannel()
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api30Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Icon createWithAdaptiveBitmapContentUri(android.net.Uri)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.ServiceWorkerWebSettingsBoundaryInterface: void setRequestedWithHeaderOriginAllowList(java.util.Set)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebSettingsBoundaryInterface: boolean isAlgorithmicDarkeningAllowed()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AbsActionBarView: int getAnimatedVisibility()
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForQ: void setForceDark(android.webkit.WebSettings,int)
xyz.luan.audioplayers.ReleaseMode: xyz.luan.audioplayers.ReleaseMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.ServiceWorkerWebSettingsBoundaryInterface: java.util.Set getRequestedWithHeaderOriginAllowList()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivity: void dispose()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity: void close(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: void setOnScrollChangeListener(androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView$OnScrollChangeListener)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: void zoomBy(float)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.TrustedWebActivity: void customTabsConnected()
com.facebook.appevents.ml.ModelManager$Task: com.facebook.appevents.ml.ModelManager$Task[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.NotificationStyle: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.NotificationStyle valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitController: void clearRegisteredRules()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLRequest: java.util.Map getHeaders()
kotlin.jvm.internal.CallableReference: java.util.List getParameters()
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat$FirstAttachAdapter: void onViewDetachedFromWindow(android.view.View)
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void reset()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.RuntimeTypeAdapterFactory: java.util.Map access$200(com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.RuntimeTypeAdapterFactory)
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: void setExitSharedElementCallback(androidx.core.app.SharedElementCallback)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$16: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: void requestFitSystemWindows(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivity$2: ChromeCustomTabsActivity$2(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivity)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeSafariBrowserManager: void onMethodCall(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodCall,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController: boolean removeUserOnlyScript(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScript)
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculator$-CC: androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculator getOrCreate()
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api21Impl: android.graphics.ColorFilter getColorFilter(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$5: InAppWebView$5(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlocker: void setAction(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerAction)
androidx.window.embedding.ActivityStack: int hashCode()
androidx.core.os.CancellationSignal$Api16Impl: android.os.CancellationSignal createCancellationSignal()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SoundType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SoundType[] values()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: boolean onJsBeforeUnload(android.webkit.WebView,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,android.webkit.JsResult)
androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature$Orientation: FoldingFeature$Orientation(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.ThreadedInputConnectionProxyAdapterView: boolean onCheckIsTextEditor()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$13: void onClick(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout: ContentFrameLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: void closeOptionsMenu()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: boolean hasInvalidLargeIcon(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result,java.lang.Object,com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.BitmapSource)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: void setOptions(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions,java.util.HashMap)
com.facebook.appevents.cloudbridge.CustomEventField: com.facebook.appevents.cloudbridge.CustomEventField valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationAction: NotificationAction(java.util.Map)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void ensureAttachedToNative()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: void clearFocus()
androidx.window.embedding.ActivityRule: ActivityRule(java.util.Set,boolean,int,kotlin.jvm.internal.DefaultConstructorMarker)
io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.ImagePickerCache$CacheType: io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.ImagePickerCache$CacheType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.ViewParentCompat$Api21Impl: void onNestedScrollAccepted(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
androidx.core.app.RemoteInput$Api26Impl: java.util.Map getDataResultsFromIntent(android.content.Intent,java.lang.String)
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api26Impl: android.content.Intent registerReceiver(android.content.Context,android.content.BroadcastReceiver,android.content.IntentFilter,java.lang.String,android.os.Handler,int)
androidx.window.layout.EmptyDecorator: androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTracker decorate(androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTracker)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: void onCreateContextMenu(android.view.ContextMenu)
io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.WebViewActivity: WebViewActivity()
androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTrackerImpl: WindowInfoTrackerImpl(androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculator,androidx.window.layout.WindowBackend)
androidx.core.app.ActivityCompat$Api21Impl: void finishAfterTransition(android.app.Activity)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.SurfaceTextureWrapper: SurfaceTextureWrapper(android.graphics.SurfaceTexture,java.lang.Runnable)
android.support.v4.media.AudioAttributesImplApi21Parcelizer: AudioAttributesImplApi21Parcelizer()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLProtectionSpace: int getPort()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$14: InAppWebViewChromeClient$14(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient,android.webkit.JsResult)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.baseflow.geolocator.permission.LocationPermission: com.baseflow.geolocator.permission.LocationPermission[] values()
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.ProxyControllerBoundaryInterface: void setProxyOverride(java.lang.String[][],java.lang.String[],java.lang.Runnable,java.util.concurrent.Executor,boolean)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$HapticFeedbackType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$HapticFeedbackType[] values()
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: int getProgressViewEndOffset()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLCredential: URLCredential(java.lang.Long,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Long)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebMessagePayloadBoundaryInterface: int getType()
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat$DistinctSidecarElementCallback: void onWindowLayoutChanged(android.os.IBinder,androidx.window.sidecar.SidecarWindowLayoutInfo)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeInvokePlatformMessageEmptyResponseCallback(long,int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: boolean canScrollHorizontally()
com.google.gson.LongSerializationPolicy: com.google.gson.LongSerializationPolicy valueOf(java.lang.String)
kotlin.coroutines.CombinedContext: java.lang.Object writeReplace()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.ContentWorld: java.lang.String toString()
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: float getBottomFadingEdgeStrength()
com.google.gson.stream.JsonToken: com.google.gson.stream.JsonToken valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessagePort: void postMessage(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessage,android.webkit.ValueCallback)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: void setCacheEnabled(boolean)
io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.FlutterFirebasePluginRegistry: FlutterFirebasePluginRegistry()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$10: InAppWebViewChromeClient$10(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient,android.webkit.JsPromptResult)
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat$Companion: android.os.IBinder getActivityWindowToken$window_release(android.app.Activity)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: android.app.Notification createNotification(android.content.Context,com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController: java.util.LinkedHashSet getUserOnlyScriptsAt(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScriptInjectionTime)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: void postWebMessage(android.webkit.WebMessage,android.net.Uri)
androidx.core.view.DisplayCutoutCompat$Api28Impl: java.util.List getBoundingRects(android.view.DisplayCutout)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api17Impl: void setLabelFor(android.view.View,int)
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingBackend: boolean isSplitSupported()
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: boolean onNestedPreFling(android.view.View,float,float)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Util: void log(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void setSmallIcon(android.content.Context,com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails,androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)
kotlin.random.Random$Default$Serialized: java.lang.Object readResolve()
androidx.core.widget.CompoundButtonCompat$Api23Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getButtonDrawable(android.widget.CompoundButton)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerAction: java.lang.String toString()
kotlin.jvm.internal.FunctionReference: FunctionReference(int,java.lang.Object,java.lang.Class,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: void scrollBy(java.lang.Integer,java.lang.Integer,java.lang.Boolean)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void rescheduleNotifications(android.content.Context)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PreferredContentModeOptionType: boolean equalsValue(int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextCapitalization: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextCapitalization valueOf(java.lang.String)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.ProxyControllerBoundaryInterface: void setProxyOverride(java.lang.String[][],java.lang.String[],java.lang.Runnable,java.util.concurrent.Executor)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.OnWindowBlurEventJS: OnWindowBlurEventJS()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.URLCredentialDao: long update(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLCredential)
androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature$State$Companion: FoldingFeature$State$Companion(kotlin.jvm.internal.DefaultConstructorMarker)
androidx.window.java.layout.WindowInfoTrackerCallbackAdapter: WindowInfoTrackerCallbackAdapter(androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTracker)
com.facebook.login.LoginTargetApp: com.facebook.login.LoginTargetApp[] values()
kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferOverflow: kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferOverflow valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.window.layout.HardwareFoldingFeature: android.graphics.Rect getBounds()
androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature: boolean isSeparating()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserDelegate: void didFailNavigation(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.pull_to_refresh.PullToRefreshLayout$2: PullToRefreshLayout$2(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.pull_to_refresh.PullToRefreshLayout,com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.pull_to_refresh.PullToRefreshLayout)
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForP: void setDataDirectorySuffix(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ButtonBarLayout: void setStacked(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportImageTintMode()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewStatic$2: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.Boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: void onGeolocationPermissionsHidePrompt()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$1: void notImplemented()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity: void reloadButtonClicked(android.view.MenuItem)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.ThreadedInputConnectionProxyAdapterView: ThreadedInputConnectionProxyAdapterView(android.view.View,android.view.View,android.os.Handler)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$2: void success(java.lang.Object)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: FlutterJNI()
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: void setRadius(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: int getAutoSizeStepGranularity()
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebViewRendererBoundaryInterface: boolean terminate()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyCookieManager: void deleteAllCookies(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: boolean getUseCompatPadding()
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculatorCompat: void getRectSizeFromDisplay(android.app.Activity,android.graphics.Rect)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setMaxWidth(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: LinearLayoutCompat(android.content.Context)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: android.content.Intent getLaunchIntent(android.content.Context)
kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferOverflow: kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferOverflow[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setSupportImageTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack: java.util.List getMutators()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api17Impl: boolean isPaddingRelative(android.view.View)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: java.util.Map getWebMessageChannels()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$15: void onCancel(android.content.DialogInterface)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Util: java.lang.Object getOrDefault(java.util.Map,java.lang.String,java.lang.Object)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$styleable: R$styleable()
androidx.appcompat.widget.MenuPopupWindow$Api23Impl: void setEnterTransition(android.widget.PopupWindow,android.transition.Transition)
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.backends.BackendResponse$Status: com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.backends.BackendResponse$Status[] values()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$1: InAppWebViewClient$1(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient,com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView,java.lang.String,java.util.Map,boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: void onGeolocationPermissionsShowPrompt(java.lang.String,android.webkit.GeolocationPermissions$Callback)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setNavigationContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: java.lang.String getTitle()
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api28Impl: java.util.concurrent.Executor getMainExecutor(android.content.Context)
com.facebook.login.LoginBehavior: com.facebook.login.LoginBehavior[] values()
com.google.android.datatransport.Priority: com.google.android.datatransport.Priority valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextHelper$Api21Impl: java.util.Locale forLanguageTag(java.lang.String)
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: void onSaveInstanceState(android.os.Bundle)
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForOMR1: void proceed(android.webkit.SafeBrowsingResponse,boolean)
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculator$-CC: void overrideDecorator(androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculatorDecorator)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.CustomTabsHelper: void addKeepAliveExtra(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent)
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat$registerConfigurationChangeListener$configChangeObserver$1: SidecarCompat$registerConfigurationChangeListener$configChangeObserver$1(androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat,android.app.Activity)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: void dispose()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.DownloadStartRequest: long getContentLength()
androidx.window.embedding.SplitRule: int getMinSmallestWidth()
androidx.window.embedding.SplitRuleParser: androidx.window.embedding.SplitPlaceholderRule parseSplitPlaceholderRule(android.content.Context,android.content.res.XmlResourceParser)
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: boolean startNestedScroll(int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerHandler: void setRuleList(java.util.List)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setDropDownHorizontalOffset(int)
androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTrackerImpl$windowLayoutInfo$1: java.lang.Object invoke(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitPlaceholderRule: androidx.window.embedding.SplitPlaceholderRule plus$window_release(androidx.window.embedding.ActivityFilter)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Util$1$1: void notImplemented()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api17Impl: android.view.Display getDisplay(android.view.View)
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: FragmentActivity()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.FlutterWebView$1: FlutterWebView$1(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.FlutterWebView)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: void setSupportProgressBarVisibility(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setVisibility(int)
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void startScaleUpAnimation(android.view.animation.Animation$AnimationListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportButtonTintMode()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: float getFillAlpha()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api31Impl: java.lang.String[] getReceiveContentMimeTypes(android.view.View)
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity$Api33Impl: android.window.OnBackInvokedDispatcher getOnBackInvokedDispatcher(android.app.Activity)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: void setOnMenuItemClickListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView$OnMenuItemClickListener)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.PlatformUtil: PlatformUtil(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin)
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetrics: WindowMetrics(androidx.window.core.Bounds)
io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.ImagePickerFileProvider: ImagePickerFileProvider()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity: void dispose()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: void setBackgroundResource(int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ServiceConnection: void onCustomTabsServiceConnected(android.content.ComponentName,androidx.browser.customtabs.CustomTabsClient)
androidx.window.layout.DisplayCompatHelperApi28: int safeInsetLeft(android.view.DisplayCutout)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewStatic$2: InAppWebViewStatic$2(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewStatic,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: void cacheVirtualIdMappings(android.view.View,int,int)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.NotificationStyle: NotificationStyle(java.lang.String,int)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.ServiceWorkerWebSettingsBoundaryInterface: int getCacheMode()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setSearchableInfo(android.app.SearchableInfo)
com.google.android.datatransport.cct.CctBackendFactory: CctBackendFactory()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setSubtitleTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: boolean onCreatePanelMenu(int,android.view.Menu)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.ScheduledNotificationRepeatFrequency: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.ScheduledNotificationRepeatFrequency[] values()
androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend$Companion: void resetInstance()
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api16Impl: boolean getIncludeFontPadding(android.widget.TextView)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.OnLoadResourceJS: OnLoadResourceJS()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: void removeOnGlobalLayoutListener(android.view.ViewTreeObserver,android.view.ViewTreeObserver$OnGlobalLayoutListener)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack: android.graphics.Matrix getFinalMatrix()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void pendingNotificationRequests(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$4: void error(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Object)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setCustomView(android.view.View)
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: void setFillViewport(boolean)
androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature$Orientation: java.lang.String toString()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api20Impl: android.view.WindowInsets onApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.view.WindowInsets)
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForQ: android.webkit.WebViewRenderProcess getWebViewRenderProcess(android.webkit.WebView)
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$WorkerState: kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$WorkerState valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: int getDropDownHorizontalOffset()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.JavaScriptBridgeInterface$2: void run()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerActionType: ContentBlockerActionType(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.DisplayListenerProxy: void onPreWebViewInitialization(android.hardware.display.DisplayManager)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.InterceptAjaxRequestJS: InterceptAjaxRequestJS()
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: void removeOnTrimMemoryListener(androidx.core.util.Consumer)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: android.view.ViewGroup getRootView()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLRequest: int hashCode()
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPaused(android.app.Activity)
com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.BasePendingResult: BasePendingResult()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$animator: R$animator()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController: boolean containsPluginScriptByGroupName(java.lang.String)
androidx.window.core.Version$Companion: androidx.window.core.Version getVERSION_1_0()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InputAwareWebView: void lockInputConnection()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat computeSystemWindowInsets(android.view.View,androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,android.graphics.Rect)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitRuleParser: java.util.Set parseSplitRules$window_release(android.content.Context,int)
androidx.core.app.AlarmManagerCompat$Api23Impl: void setAndAllowWhileIdle(android.app.AlarmManager,int,long,android.app.PendingIntent)
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: int getScrollRange()
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterImageView: android.view.Surface getSurface()
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentContainerView: void setLayoutTransition(android.animation.LayoutTransition)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: android.graphics.Bitmap decodeImage(java.nio.ByteBuffer,long)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getScaleY()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setImageURI(android.net.Uri)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: io.flutter.view.FlutterCallbackInformation nativeLookupCallbackInformation(long)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.ContentWorld: ContentWorld(java.lang.String)
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void stopNestedScroll()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity$1: boolean onQueryTextSubmit(java.lang.String)
kotlin.jvm.internal.FunctionReference: int hashCode()
androidx.core.app.ComponentActivity: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle getLifecycle()
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api23Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Icon toIcon(androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat,android.content.Context)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity: void onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
com.google.firebase.iid.Registrar: java.util.List getComponents()
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: boolean dispatchNestedScroll(int,int,int,int,int[])
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: int getImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScript: void setContentWorld(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.ContentWorld)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: int[] getAutoSizeTextAvailableSizes()
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForOMR1: void backToSafety(android.webkit.SafeBrowsingResponse,boolean)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: float getTrimPathEnd()
androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend: void getWindowLayoutChangeCallbacks$annotations()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.NavigationAction: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLRequest getRequest()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setNavigationIcon(int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.CreateWindowAction: int hashCode()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Options: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Options parse(java.util.Map)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.URLProtectionSpaceDao: long insert(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLProtectionSpace)
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: void removeOnContextAvailableListener(androidx.activity.contextaware.OnContextAvailableListener)
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForOMR1: android.net.Uri getSafeBrowsingPrivacyPolicyUrl()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$4: void run()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeSurfaceWindowChanged(long,android.view.Surface)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: int getAnimatedVisibility()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController getUserContentController()
io.flutter.view.FlutterView$ZeroSides: io.flutter.view.FlutterView$ZeroSides valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: void injectCSSFileFromUrl(java.lang.String,java.util.Map)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$12: void error(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Object)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.DateTimeComponents: DateTimeComponents(java.lang.String,int)
androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$LifecycleImpact: androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$LifecycleImpact[] values()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController: java.util.LinkedHashSet getUserOnlyScriptAsList()
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat: void onWindowLayoutChangeListenerAdded(android.app.Activity)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity: void prepareView()
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: boolean supportShouldUpRecreateTask(android.content.Intent)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.JavaScriptBridgeJS: JavaScriptBridgeJS()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getCurrentContentInsetLeft()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLRequest: void setHeaders(java.util.Map)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: boolean nativeFlutterTextUtilsIsRegionalIndicator(int)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebSettingsBoundaryInterface: void setDisabledActionModeMenuItems(int)
androidx.webkit.WebMessagePortCompat$WebMessageCallbackCompat: WebMessagePortCompat$WebMessageCallbackCompat()
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: void addContentView(android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setSupportCheckMarkTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.window.core.Bounds: Bounds(android.graphics.Rect)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: android.content.Intent getFileChooserIntent(java.lang.String[],boolean)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.DropDataContentProviderBoundaryInterface: void onDragEnd(boolean)
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: boolean canChildScrollUp()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setHorizontalGravity(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: boolean hasTransientState(android.view.View)
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculator$Companion$decorator$1: androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculator invoke(androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculator)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: androidx.cursoradapter.widget.CursorAdapter getSuggestionsAdapter()
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: java.lang.Integer getRecordFlutterId(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecord)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.DropDataContentProviderBoundaryInterface: android.os.ParcelFileDescriptor openFile(android.content.ContentProvider,android.net.Uri)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.ServiceWorkerManager$1: ServiceWorkerManager$1(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.ServiceWorkerManager)
androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTrackerImpl: androidx.window.layout.WindowBackend access$getWindowBackend$p(androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTrackerImpl)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.CustomTabsMenuItem: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: androidx.core.text.PrecomputedTextCompat$Params getTextMetricsParamsCompat()
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: void onResumeFragments()
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculator: androidx.window.layout.WindowMetrics computeMaximumWindowMetrics(android.app.Activity)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: boolean onKeyDown(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
com.facebook.internal.GamingAction: com.facebook.internal.GamingAction valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.AccessTokenSource: com.facebook.AccessTokenSource[] values()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.URLCredentialDao: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLCredential find(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Long)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitRuleParser: SplitRuleParser()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: java.util.Map getRealOptions(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeLoadDartDeferredLibrary(long,int,java.lang.String[])
com.google.firebase.provider.FirebaseInitProvider: FirebaseInitProvider()
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: androidx.appcompat.app.ActionBar getSupportActionBar()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$6: void error(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Object)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void invokePlatformMessageResponseCallback(int,java.nio.ByteBuffer,int)
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculator: androidx.window.layout.WindowMetrics computeCurrentWindowMetrics(android.app.Activity)
io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.FlutterFirebasePlugin: com.google.android.gms.tasks.Task getPluginConstantsForFirebaseApp(com.google.firebase.FirebaseApp)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: androidx.appcompat.view.ActionMode startSupportActionMode(androidx.appcompat.view.ActionMode$Callback)
androidx.fragment.app.DialogFragment: DialogFragment()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$16: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.Object)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: void createBeforeUnloadDialog(android.webkit.WebView,java.lang.String,android.webkit.JsResult,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
kotlin.jvm.internal.CallableReference: kotlin.reflect.KType getReturnType()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsOptions: java.util.Map toMap()
androidx.core.os.UserManagerCompat$Api24Impl: boolean isUserUnlocked(android.content.Context)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$16: void notImplemented()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: android.graphics.Bitmap getBitmap()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: void postOnAnimation(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerAction: void setType(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerActionType)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: long nativeAttach(io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getVirtualChildCount()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivity$1: ChromeCustomTabsActivity$1(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivity,com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivity)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.util.ArrayList loadScheduledNotifications(android.content.Context)
androidx.core.app.ActivityCompat$Api21Impl: void setEnterSharedElementCallback(android.app.Activity,android.app.SharedElementCallback)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: boolean onActivityResult(int,int,android.content.Intent)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: java.lang.String getTransitionName(android.view.View)
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: void setNestedScrollingEnabled(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setWindowCallback(android.view.Window$Callback)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitPairRule: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: void setMaxCardElevation(float)
com.google.firebase.iid.Registrar: com.google.firebase.iid.internal.FirebaseInstanceIdInternal lambda$getComponents$1$Registrar(com.google.firebase.components.ComponentContainer)
androidx.browser.customtabs.CustomTabsServiceConnection: void onCustomTabsServiceConnected(android.content.ComponentName,androidx.browser.customtabs.CustomTabsClient)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList()
androidx.core.content.res.ResourcesCompat$ThemeCompat$Api29Impl: void rebase(android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
com.google.i18n.phonenumbers.PhoneNumberUtil$PhoneNumberType: com.google.i18n.phonenumbers.PhoneNumberUtil$PhoneNumberType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: void setContentView(int)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebkitToCompatConverterBoundaryInterface: java.lang.reflect.InvocationHandler convertCookieManager(java.lang.Object)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: void sendOnCreateContextMenuEvent()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.NavigationActionPolicy: java.lang.String toString()
okhttp3.Protocol: okhttp3.Protocol valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: void getHitTestResult(android.webkit.ValueCallback)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: void onPrepareSupportNavigateUpTaskStack(androidx.core.app.TaskStackBuilder)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$16: InAppWebView$16(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.CustomTabActivityHelper: boolean mayLaunchUrl(android.net.Uri,android.os.Bundle,java.util.List)
io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.FlutterFirebasePluginRegistry: void registerPlugin(java.lang.String,io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.FlutterFirebasePlugin)
kotlin.jvm.internal.FunctionReference: FunctionReference(int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewStatic: void dispose()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack: void pushClipRRect(int,int,int,int,float[])
com.google.firebase.installations.local.PersistedInstallation$RegistrationStatus: com.google.firebase.installations.local.PersistedInstallation$RegistrationStatus[] values()
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setProgressViewOffset(boolean,int,int)
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForM: boolean getOffscreenPreRaster(android.webkit.WebSettings)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner$Api17Impl: void setTextAlignment(android.view.View,int)
com.facebook.appevents.cloudbridge.ConversionsAPIEventName: com.facebook.appevents.cloudbridge.ConversionsAPIEventName[] values()
kotlin.coroutines.AbstractCoroutineContextElement: kotlin.coroutines.CoroutineContext minusKey(kotlin.coroutines.CoroutineContext$Key)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.RuntimeTypeAdapterFactory: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.RuntimeTypeAdapterFactory registerSubtype(java.lang.Class)
androidx.core.app.RemoteInput$Api16Impl: android.content.ClipData getClipData(android.content.Intent)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportImageTintList()
kotlin.jvm.internal.CallableReference: kotlin.reflect.KDeclarationContainer getOwner()
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void onNestedPreScroll(android.view.View,int,int,int[])
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setBackgroundResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: boolean isFileNotEmpty(android.net.Uri)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.HttpAuthenticationChallenge: java.lang.String toString()
io.flutter.plugins.GeneratedPluginRegistrant: void registerWith(io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterEngine)
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterSplashView$SavedState: FlutterSplashView$SavedState(android.os.Parcelable)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsOptions: java.util.Map getRealOptions(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivity)
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: android.os.Parcelable onSaveInstanceState()
androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature: androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature$OcclusionType getOcclusionType()
androidx.window.embedding.SplitPairFilter: SplitPairFilter(android.content.ComponentName,android.content.ComponentName,java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.HttpAuthenticationChallenge: int getPreviousFailureCount()
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: void supportNavigateUpTo(android.content.Intent)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Util: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Util$PrivateKeyAndCertificates loadPrivateKeyAndCertificate(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$menu: R$menu()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeSurfaceChanged(long,int,int)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityCreated(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setButtonDrawable(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewParentCompat$Api21Impl: void onNestedPreScroll(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,int,int,int[])
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setButtonDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getTranslateX()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$Brightness: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$Brightness valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.internal.SmartLoginOption: com.facebook.internal.SmartLoginOption[] values()
kotlin.coroutines.AbstractCoroutineContextElement: kotlin.coroutines.CoroutineContext$Key getKey()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: void setPlugin(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin)
com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.JavaType: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.JavaType[] values()
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterSplashView$SavedState: java.lang.String access$602(io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterSplashView$SavedState,java.lang.String)
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat$registerConfigurationChangeListener$configChangeObserver$1: void onConfigurationChanged(android.content.res.Configuration)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerAction: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserManager: void startInAppBrowserActivity(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.HitTestResult: java.util.Map toMap()
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: void install()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: int getNestedScrollAxes()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageListener: boolean isOriginAllowed(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: void setScreenReaderFocusable(android.view.View,boolean)
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat: void setExtensionCallback(androidx.window.layout.ExtensionInterfaceCompat$ExtensionCallbackInterface)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void dispatchSemanticsAction(int,int,java.nio.ByteBuffer,int)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api23Impl: int getHyphenationFrequency(android.widget.TextView)
androidx.core.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$Api31Impl: float getDistance(android.widget.EdgeEffect)
io.flutter.embedding.android.KeyData$Type: io.flutter.embedding.android.KeyData$Type valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.firebase.installations.FirebaseInstallationsException$Status: com.google.firebase.installations.FirebaseInstallationsException$Status valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.widget.CompoundButtonCompat$Api21Impl: void setButtonTintMode(android.widget.CompoundButton,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.DownloadStartRequest: void setMimeType(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: void copyAccessibilityFields(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
kotlin.jvm.internal.CallableReference: java.lang.Object getBoundReceiver()
androidx.core.content.FileProvider: android.content.res.XmlResourceParser getFileProviderPathsMetaData(android.content.Context,java.lang.String,android.content.pm.ProviderInfo,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: android.view.textclassifier.TextClassifier getTextClassifier()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController: void addPluginScripts(java.util.List)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity: void goForward()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$5: void notImplemented()
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculatorCompat: android.graphics.Rect computeWindowBoundsIceCreamSandwich$window_release(android.app.Activity)
androidx.browser.customtabs.CustomTabsServiceConnection: android.content.Context getApplicationContext()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: byte[] castObjectToByteArray(java.lang.Object)
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingAdapter: java.util.function.Predicate translateActivityPredicates(java.util.Set)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: void postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View)
androidx.core.app.AppOpsManagerCompat$Api23Impl: int noteProxyOp(android.app.AppOpsManager,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList()
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: boolean onPreparePanel(int,android.view.View,android.view.Menu)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$18: InAppWebViewChromeClient$18(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient,android.webkit.PermissionRequest)
kotlin.text.Regex$Serialized: java.lang.Object readResolve()
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setOnRefreshListener(androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$OnRefreshListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setAllCaps(boolean)
com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.WireFormat$JavaType: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.WireFormat$JavaType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: java.lang.CharSequence getQuery()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: int getAutoSizeMinTextSize()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLRequest: java.lang.String getUrl()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api19Impl: void notifySubtreeAccessibilityStateChanged(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
androidx.window.core.Bounds: int getWidth()
com.google.firebase.iid.Registrar: com.google.firebase.iid.FirebaseInstanceId lambda$getComponents$0$Registrar(com.google.firebase.components.ComponentContainer)
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat: void register(android.os.IBinder,android.app.Activity)
androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend$SplitListenerWrapper: ExtensionEmbeddingBackend$SplitListenerWrapper(android.app.Activity,java.util.concurrent.Executor,androidx.core.util.Consumer)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeSetSemanticsEnabled(long,boolean)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void requestDartDeferredLibrary(int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: java.util.Map requestImageRef()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.Size2D: void setHeight(double)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetEndWithActions()
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: void onPostResume()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: void scrollBy(java.lang.Integer,java.lang.Integer,java.lang.Boolean)
com.google.gson.LongSerializationPolicy: com.google.gson.LongSerializationPolicy[] values()
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setCheckable(boolean)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.StaticsBoundaryInterface: void setSafeBrowsingWhitelist(java.util.List,android.webkit.ValueCallback)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextHelper$Api24Impl: void setTextLocales(android.widget.TextView,android.os.LocaleList)
io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.Messages$StorageDirectory: io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.Messages$StorageDirectory[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: ActionMenuView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void onSurfaceDestroyed()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: void loadFile(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void deferredComponentInstallFailure(int,java.lang.String,boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity: java.util.Map getOptions()
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebViewProviderFactoryBoundaryInterface: java.lang.reflect.InvocationHandler getTracingController()
com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.firebase.transport.LogEventDropped$Reason: com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.firebase.transport.LogEventDropped$Reason valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.app.ActivityCompat$Api16Impl: void startActivityForResult(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent,int,android.os.Bundle)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: void injectCSSCode(java.lang.String)
com.google.gson.stream.JsonToken: com.google.gson.stream.JsonToken[] values()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.RequestPermissionHandler: void checkAndRun(android.app.Activity,java.lang.String,int,java.lang.Runnable)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: void readGroupingInformation(com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails,java.util.Map)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativePrefetchDefaultFontManager()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.CustomTabsActionButton: java.lang.String getDescription()
io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation: io.flutter.plugin.platform.PlatformView getView()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$2: InAppWebViewClient$2(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient,android.webkit.WebView,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,int,android.webkit.HttpAuthHandler)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScriptInjectionTime: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScriptInjectionTime[] $values()
androidx.window.core.Version$Companion: Version$Companion(kotlin.jvm.internal.DefaultConstructorMarker)
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api23Impl: java.lang.String getSystemServiceName(android.content.Context,java.lang.Class)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPath: androidx.core.graphics.PathParser$PathDataNode[] getPathData()
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingAdapter: boolean translateActivityIntentPredicates$lambda-3(androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingAdapter,java.util.Set,android.util.Pair)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient: void onReceivedError(android.webkit.WebView,int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: boolean isLoading()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity: InAppBrowserActivity()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserDelegate: java.util.List getActivityResultListeners()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: android.graphics.Bitmap getDefaultVideoPoster()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleTextColor(int)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void saveScheduledNotification(android.content.Context,com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails)
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: boolean isAnimationRunning(android.view.animation.Animation)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void updateSemantics(java.nio.ByteBuffer,java.lang.String[],java.nio.ByteBuffer[])
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculator$Companion$decorator$1: WindowMetricsCalculator$Companion$decorator$1()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextInputType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextInputType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerAction: void setSelector(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity$4: InAppBrowserActivity$4(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InputAwareWebView: void setInputConnectionTarget(android.view.View)
kotlin.jvm.internal.FunctionReference: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
kotlin.coroutines.jvm.internal.ContinuationImpl: kotlin.coroutines.CoroutineContext getContext()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void destroyOverlaySurfaces()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getBaseline()
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculator$Companion: void reset()
androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend$Companion: SidecarWindowBackend$Companion()
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setCheckable(boolean)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebViewProviderBoundaryInterface: void insertVisualStateCallback(long,java.lang.reflect.InvocationHandler)
androidx.core.app.ComponentActivity: boolean dispatchKeyShortcutEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLProtectionSpace: void setId(java.lang.Long)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setFilters(android.text.InputFilter[])
com.facebook.all.All: All()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetStartWithNavigation()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScriptInjectionTime: boolean equalsValue(int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.HttpAuthenticationChallenge: void setProposedCredential(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLCredential)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: android.graphics.Bitmap getBitmapFromSource(android.content.Context,java.lang.Object,com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.BitmapSource)
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterSplashView$SavedState: android.os.Bundle access$702(io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterSplashView$SavedState,android.os.Bundle)
kotlin.coroutines.AbstractCoroutineContextElement: AbstractCoroutineContextElement(kotlin.coroutines.CoroutineContext$Key)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserManager: InAppBrowserManager(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer: void write(androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat,androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessagePort$2: WebMessagePort$2(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessagePort,android.webkit.ValueCallback)
android.support.v4.media.AudioAttributesImplBaseParcelizer: void write(androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplBase,androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api17Impl: int getLayoutDirection(android.view.View)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$DisplayFeatureState: io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$DisplayFeatureState valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: void setDesktopMode(boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient: android.webkit.WebResourceResponse shouldInterceptRequest(android.webkit.WebView,android.webkit.WebResourceRequest)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebViewProviderBoundaryInterface: void removeWebMessageListener(java.lang.String)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: void readSoundInformation(com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails,java.util.Map)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: android.view.textclassifier.TextClassifier getTextClassifier()
androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplApi26Parcelizer: AudioAttributesImplApi26Parcelizer()
androidx.media.AudioAttributesCompatParcelizer: void write(androidx.media.AudioAttributesCompat,androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api21Impl: void applyTheme(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setPrimaryBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: void addMenuProvider(androidx.core.view.MenuProvider,androidx.lifecycle.LifecycleOwner,androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$State)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: int getMinimumWidth(android.view.View)
io.flutter.view.FlutterCallbackInformation: FlutterCallbackInformation(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setKeyListener(android.text.method.KeyListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView: void setTabSelected(int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.CustomTabsActionButton: java.lang.String toString()
androidx.core.text.ICUCompat$Api24Impl: android.icu.util.ULocale addLikelySubtags(java.lang.Object)
io.flutter.plugin.platform.PlatformViewFactory: io.flutter.plugin.common.MessageCodec getCreateArgsCodec()
kotlin.jvm.internal.FunctionReference: boolean isExternal()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.ClientCertChallenge: void setPrincipals(java.security.Principal[])
androidx.window.embedding.SplitRuleParser: androidx.window.embedding.SplitPairRule parseSplitPairRule(android.content.Context,android.content.res.XmlResourceParser)
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingAdapter: boolean translateActivityPairPredicates$lambda-1(androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingAdapter,java.util.Set,android.util.Pair)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.SslCertificateExt: java.util.Map toMap(android.net.http.SslCertificate)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient: InAppWebViewClient(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel,com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserDelegate)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.DropDataContentProviderBoundaryInterface: android.database.Cursor query(android.net.Uri,java.lang.String[],java.lang.String,java.lang.String[],java.lang.String)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity: void didFailNavigation(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InputAwareWebView: boolean checkInputConnectionProxy(android.view.View)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewRenderProcessClient$2: void success(java.lang.Object)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: java.lang.CharSequence getTitle()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setTitleOptional(boolean)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityDestroyed(android.app.Activity)
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForO: android.webkit.WebChromeClient getWebChromeClient(android.webkit.WebView)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: void onCloseWindow(android.webkit.WebView)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$DisplayFeatureType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$DisplayFeatureType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setCustomSelectionActionModeCallback(android.view.ActionMode$Callback)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: boolean startPickerIntent(android.webkit.ValueCallback,java.lang.String[],boolean,boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setFilters(android.text.InputFilter[])
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewStatic: java.util.Map convertWebViewPackageToMap(android.content.pm.PackageInfo)
io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.WebViewClientHostApiImpl$WebViewClientImpl: boolean shouldOverrideUrlLoading(android.webkit.WebView,java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity: void didUpdateVisitedHistory(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setSplitBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.CredentialDatabaseHandler: CredentialDatabaseHandler(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin)
io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.WebViewHostApiImpl$InputAwareWebViewPlatformView: void setWebViewClient(android.webkit.WebViewClient)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: void getSelectedText(android.webkit.ValueCallback)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$style: R$style()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: void setLayoutAlgorithm(java.lang.String)
androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend$Companion: ExtensionEmbeddingBackend$Companion()
androidx.window.embedding.SplitController: java.util.Set getSplitRules()
androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompat: RemoteActionCompat()
kotlin.coroutines.jvm.internal.ContinuationImpl: void releaseIntercepted()
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingAdapter: boolean translateParentMetricsPredicate$lambda-4(androidx.window.embedding.SplitRule,android.view.WindowMetrics)
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: java.lang.Object getLastCustomNonConfigurationInstance()
androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$State: androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$State[] values()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlocker: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerAction getAction()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.CredentialDatabase: void clearAllAuthCredentials()
io.flutter.view.FlutterView: io.flutter.embedding.engine.dart.DartExecutor getDartExecutor()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.pull_to_refresh.PullToRefreshLayout: PullToRefreshLayout(android.content.Context)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Util: Util()
androidx.window.layout.HardwareFoldingFeature$Companion: HardwareFoldingFeature$Companion(kotlin.jvm.internal.DefaultConstructorMarker)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
androidx.window.layout.WindowLayoutInfo: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
androidx.window.embedding.ActivityFilter: int hashCode()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.headless_in_app_webview.HeadlessInAppWebViewManager: void run(java.lang.String,java.util.HashMap)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin: InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Util: float getPixelDensity(android.content.Context)
io.flutter.view.FlutterView: void setInitialRoute(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin: void onDetachedFromActivityForConfigChanges()
androidx.browser.customtabs.CustomTabsServiceConnection: void onServiceConnected(android.content.ComponentName,android.os.IBinder)
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForN: void setServiceWorkerClientCompat(android.webkit.ServiceWorkerController,androidx.webkit.ServiceWorkerClientCompat)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.ServiceWorkerManager$DummyServiceWorkerClientCompat: android.webkit.WebResourceResponse shouldInterceptRequest(android.webkit.WebResourceRequest)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI nativeSpawn(long,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.util.List)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.CustomTabsActionButton: int getId()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setOrientation(int)
androidx.core.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat$Api17Impl: boolean isMarginRelative(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationAction: java.util.List castList(java.lang.Class,java.util.Collection)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setContentInsetStartWithNavigation(int)
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculatorCompat: android.view.DisplayCutout getCutoutForDisplay(android.view.Display)
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: void setSmoothScrollingEnabled(boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.CredentialDatabase: CredentialDatabase(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.CredentialDatabaseHelper,com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.URLProtectionSpaceDao,com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.URLCredentialDao)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: java.lang.Boolean acceptsVideo(java.lang.String[])
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setSuggestionsAdapter(androidx.cursoradapter.widget.CursorAdapter)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AbsActionBarView: AbsActionBarView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebAuthnCallbackBoundaryInterface: void onResult(int,android.content.Intent)
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api23Impl: int getColor(android.content.Context,int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$18: InAppWebView$18(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView,android.webkit.ValueCallback)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setKeyListener(android.text.method.KeyListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetRight()
androidx.window.layout.WindowLayoutInfo: WindowLayoutInfo(java.util.List)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$4: InAppWebViewChromeClient$4(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient,android.webkit.JsResult,android.webkit.WebView,java.lang.String)
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterView$ZeroSides: io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterView$ZeroSides[] values()
androidx.window.core.Version$Companion: Version$Companion()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextClassifierHelper$Api26Impl: android.view.textclassifier.TextClassifier getTextClassifier(android.widget.TextView)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails extractNotificationDetails(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result,java.util.Map)
androidx.window.embedding.ActivityStack: ActivityStack(java.util.List,boolean,int,kotlin.jvm.internal.DefaultConstructorMarker)
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingAdapter: boolean translateIntentPredicates$lambda-8(java.util.Set,android.content.Intent)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitController: SplitController()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.CredentialDatabase: void removeHttpAuthCredentials(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Integer)
kotlin.jvm.internal.FunctionReferenceImpl: FunctionReferenceImpl(int,java.lang.Object,java.lang.Class,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,int)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ExpandedMenuView: int getWindowAnimations()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getPivotX()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewStatic: InAppWebViewStatic(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlocker: int hashCode()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.styles.DefaultStyleInformation getDefaultStyleInformation(java.util.Map)
kotlin.jvm.internal.Lambda: java.lang.String toString()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLCredential: java.util.Map toMap()
io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.Messages$StorageDirectory: io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.Messages$StorageDirectory valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplBaseParcelizer: void write(androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplBase,androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: android.webkit.WebView$HitTestResult getHitTestResult()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewStatic$1: InAppWebViewStatic$1(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewStatic,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
com.google.zxing.common.CharacterSetECI: com.google.zxing.common.CharacterSetECI valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.resources.Compatibility$Api18Impl: void setAutoCancel(android.animation.ObjectAnimator,boolean)
androidx.window.layout.HardwareFoldingFeature: androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature$State getState()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$6: boolean onLongClick(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setRotation(float)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitRule: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: void setInAppBrowserDelegate(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserDelegate)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: AppCompatActivity()
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: void attachBaseContext(android.content.Context)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.ServiceWorkerWebSettingsBoundaryInterface: void setAllowContentAccess(boolean)
com.google.android.gms.internal.auth.zzho: com.google.android.gms.internal.auth.zzho[] values()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.R$drawable: R$drawable()
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void startProgressAlphaStartAnimation()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void setVisibility(com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails,androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyWebStorage: MyWebStorage(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin)
androidx.fragment.app.Fragment: Fragment()
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebSettingsBoundaryInterface: void setForceDark(int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InputAwareWebView$1: void run()
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setProgressViewEndTarget(boolean,int)
kotlin.jvm.internal.FunctionReferenceImpl: FunctionReferenceImpl(int,kotlin.reflect.KDeclarationContainer,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity: void goBack()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Util$WaitFlutterResult: Util$WaitFlutterResult(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$13: void onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
androidx.window.layout.HardwareFoldingFeature$Type: androidx.window.layout.HardwareFoldingFeature$Type access$getFOLD$cp()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEmojiTextHelper getEmojiTextViewHelper()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPathRenderer: void setRootAlpha(int)
kotlin.jvm.internal.CallableReference: java.util.List getAnnotations()
com.facebook.login.LoginClient$Result$Code: com.facebook.login.LoginClient$Result$Code valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setCustomSelectionActionModeCallback(android.view.ActionMode$Callback)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Util: java.lang.String replaceAll(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.DropDataContentProviderBoundaryInterface: java.lang.String[] getStreamTypes(android.net.Uri,java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserDelegate: void didStartNavigation(java.lang.String)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebMessageBoundaryInterface: java.lang.reflect.InvocationHandler[] getPorts()
androidx.window.core.Version: int compareTo(androidx.window.core.Version)
androidx.lifecycle.ViewModel: ViewModel()
com.baseflow.geolocator.errors.ErrorCodes: com.baseflow.geolocator.errors.ErrorCodes[] values()
com.google.firebase.components.ComponentDiscoveryService: ComponentDiscoveryService()
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.safeparcel.AbstractSafeParcelable: AbstractSafeParcelable()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setImageBitmap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setSupportButtonTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: android.net.http.SslCertificate getCertificate()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController: void removeUserOnlyScriptsByGroupName(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void setAccessibilityFeatures(int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient: int access$202(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.window.embedding.ActivityFilter: boolean matchesActivity(android.app.Activity)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api17Impl: int getPaddingStart(android.view.View)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api21Impl: void setHotspot(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,float,float)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessagePort$3: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.widget.PopupWindowCompat$Api19Impl: void showAsDropDown(android.widget.PopupWindow,android.view.View,int,int,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setSupportButtonTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: java.util.HashMap getCopyBackForwardList()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextHelper$Api17Impl: void setTextLocale(android.widget.TextView,java.util.Locale)
okhttp3.internal.http2.ErrorCode: okhttp3.internal.http2.ErrorCode[] values()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.HttpAuthenticationChallenge: HttpAuthenticationChallenge(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLProtectionSpace,int,com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLCredential)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void setVibrationPattern(com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails,androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)
com.google.zxing.datamatrix.encoder.SymbolShapeHint: com.google.zxing.datamatrix.encoder.SymbolShapeHint[] values()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView$11: void run()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelAction: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationChannelAction[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ButtonBarLayout: ButtonBarLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.gson.internal.LazilyParsedNumber: java.lang.Object writeReplace()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler$5: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.Object)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserManager: void onMethodCall(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodCall,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessagePort$2: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.Object)
androidx.core.content.FileProvider: boolean onCreate()
kotlin.coroutines.jvm.internal.BaseContinuationImpl: java.lang.StackTraceElement getStackTraceElement()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageChannel$1: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.String)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails from(java.util.Map)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.BitmapSource: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.BitmapSource[] values()
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingAdapter: boolean translateActivityPredicates$lambda-6(java.util.Set,android.app.Activity)
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterImageView: io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer getAttachedRenderer()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout: void setAttachListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout$OnAttachListener)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeNotifyLowMemoryWarning(long)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageChannel: void closeForInAppWebView(java.lang.Integer,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewRenderProcessClient$2: void error(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Object)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api17Impl: void setTextDirection(android.view.View,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setGravity(int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserContentController: boolean removePluginScript(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PluginScript)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: boolean canScrollVertically()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$5: void success(java.lang.Object)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEmojiTextHelper getEmojiTextViewHelper()
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForN: int getDisabledActionModeMenuItems(android.webkit.WebSettings)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: boolean canGoBackOrForward(int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyWebStorage: void init()
androidx.security.crypto.EncryptedSharedPreferences$EncryptedType: androidx.security.crypto.EncryptedSharedPreferences$EncryptedType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.window.java.layout.WindowInfoTrackerCallbackAdapter: void addWindowLayoutInfoListener(android.app.Activity,java.util.concurrent.Executor,androidx.core.util.Consumer)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyCookieManager: void onMethodCall(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodCall,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.CustomTabsActionButton: void setId(int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivity$1: void onCustomTabsDisconnected()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InputAwareWebView$1: InputAwareWebView$1(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InputAwareWebView,android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.FlutterWebView: void onInputConnectionLocked()
androidx.emoji2.text.EmojiCompatInitializer: EmojiCompatInitializer()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api29Impl: void saveAttributeDataForStyleable(android.view.View,android.content.Context,int[],android.util.AttributeSet,android.content.res.TypedArray,int,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerHandler: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTriggerResourceType getResourceTypeFromUrl(java.lang.String)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void createNotificationChannelGroup(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodCall,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
androidx.window.core.Version$Companion: androidx.window.core.Version parse(java.lang.String)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.ServiceWorkerWebSettingsBoundaryInterface: void setCacheMode(int)
androidx.window.core.Bounds: int getHeight()
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterView: io.flutter.plugin.common.BinaryMessenger getBinaryMessenger()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setCollapseContentDescription(int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.JavaScriptBridgeInterface$2$1: void notImplemented()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void getCallbackHandle(io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTrigger: void setUrlFilter(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: boolean nativeFlutterTextUtilsIsEmojiModifierBase(int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PluginScript: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingCompat: void setEmbeddingCallback(androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingInterfaceCompat$EmbeddingCallbackInterface)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getTitleMarginTop()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.String getNextFireDate(com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: int getWindowAnimations()
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebkitToCompatConverterBoundaryInterface: java.lang.reflect.InvocationHandler convertServiceWorkerSettings(java.lang.Object)
androidx.window.core.Version: androidx.window.core.Version access$getCURRENT$cp()
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getTitleMarginStart()
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterSplashView$SavedState: java.lang.String access$600(io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterSplashView$SavedState)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: void setContextMenu(java.util.Map)
io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.FlutterFirebasePluginRegistry: void lambda$didReinitializeFirebaseCore$1(com.google.android.gms.tasks.TaskCompletionSource)
com.facebook.appevents.cloudbridge.ConversionsAPIUserAndAppDataField: com.facebook.appevents.cloudbridge.ConversionsAPIUserAndAppDataField valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeMarkTextureFrameAvailable(long,long)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: void dispose()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api17Impl: void setLayoutDirection(android.view.View,int)
androidx.core.view.ViewGroupCompat$Api21Impl: int getNestedScrollAxes(android.view.ViewGroup)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.StaticsBoundaryInterface: void setSafeBrowsingAllowlist(java.util.Set,android.webkit.ValueCallback)
androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingBackend: java.util.Set getSplitRules()
androidx.core.widget.ImageViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setImageTintList(android.widget.ImageView,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.CustomTabsActionButton: int hashCode()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.zxing.datamatrix.encoder.SymbolShapeHint: com.google.zxing.datamatrix.encoder.SymbolShapeHint valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewMethodHandler$2: void onReceiveValue(java.lang.Object)
androidx.window.embedding.ActivityRule: int hashCode()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: void setLayoutResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setDividerPadding(int)
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api16Impl: void startActivities(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent[],android.os.Bundle)
com.baseflow.geolocator.GeolocatorLocationService: GeolocatorLocationService()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.NotificationStyle: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.NotificationStyle[] $values()
androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend$EmbeddingCallbackImpl: void setLastInfo(java.util.List)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void setMediaStyle(androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$Builder)
io.flutter.plugins.firebase.messaging.FlutterFirebaseMessagingService: FlutterFirebaseMessagingService()
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat: androidx.window.sidecar.SidecarInterface getSidecar()
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculator$Companion$decorator$1: java.lang.Object invoke(java.lang.Object)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PreferredContentModeOptionType: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PreferredContentModeOptionType fromValue(int)
androidx.window.layout.WindowLayoutInfo: int hashCode()
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: void lambda$new$1(android.content.Context)
androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$State: androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$State valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.lifecycle.LifecycleDispatcher$DispatcherActivityCallback: void onActivityStopped(android.app.Activity)
androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend: void access$setGlobalInstance$cp(androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend)
kotlin.coroutines.intrinsics.CoroutineSingletons: kotlin.coroutines.intrinsics.CoroutineSingletons valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebViewImplementation: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebViewImplementation[] values()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.ScheduledNotificationRepeatFrequency: ScheduledNotificationRepeatFrequency(java.lang.String,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList()
com.facebook.internal.FetchedAppSettingsManager$FetchAppSettingState: com.facebook.internal.FetchedAppSettingsManager$FetchAppSettingState valueOf(java.lang.String)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebResourceErrorBoundaryInterface: java.lang.CharSequence getDescription()
androidx.window.java.layout.WindowInfoTrackerCallbackAdapter$addListener$1$1: WindowInfoTrackerCallbackAdapter$addListener$1$1(kotlinx.coroutines.flow.Flow,androidx.core.util.Consumer,kotlin.coroutines.Continuation)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeSafariBrowserManager: void open(android.app.Activity,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.util.HashMap,java.util.HashMap,java.util.List,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.HttpAuthenticationChallenge: void setPreviousFailureCount(int)
androidx.webkit.internal.ApiHelperForQ: void setWebViewRenderProcessClient(android.webkit.WebView,java.util.concurrent.Executor,androidx.webkit.WebViewRenderProcessClient)
androidx.core.view.DisplayCutoutCompat$Api28Impl: int getSafeInsetTop(android.view.DisplayCutout)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.ChromeCustomTabsActivity: android.app.PendingIntent createPendingIntent(int)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api19Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getChild(android.graphics.drawable.DrawableContainer$DrawableContainerState,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setStackedBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityResumed(android.app.Activity)
com.google.firebase.iid.Registrar: Registrar()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.KeepAliveService: KeepAliveService()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient: void access$401(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient,android.webkit.WebView,android.webkit.HttpAuthHandler,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportCheckMarkTintList()
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void requestDisallowInterceptTouchEvent(boolean)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.SoundSource: SoundSource(java.lang.String,int)
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculator$-CC: void reset()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Util: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.Size2D getFullscreenSize(android.content.Context)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScript: int hashCode()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: void createConfirmDialog(android.webkit.WebView,java.lang.String,android.webkit.JsResult,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient: android.webkit.WebResourceResponse onShouldInterceptRequest(java.lang.Object)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: java.util.Map requestImageRef()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Api16Impl: android.text.StaticLayout createStaticLayoutForMeasuring(java.lang.CharSequence,android.text.Layout$Alignment,int,android.widget.TextView,android.text.TextPaint)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserManager: void openWithSystemBrowser(android.app.Activity,java.lang.String,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Util: java.lang.String getUrlAsset(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.InAppWebViewFlutterPlugin,java.lang.String)
com.facebook.applinks.AppLinks: AppLinks()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLProtectionSpace: java.lang.String getRealm()
com.google.zxing.EncodeHintType: com.google.zxing.EncodeHintType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculatorCompat: android.graphics.Rect computeWindowBoundsP$window_release(android.app.Activity)
androidx.window.layout.DisplayCompatHelperApi17: void getRealSize(android.view.Display,android.graphics.Point)
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: void startActivityForResult(android.content.Intent,int,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setQueryRefinementEnabled(boolean)
androidx.window.java.layout.WindowInfoTrackerCallbackAdapter: void addListener(java.util.concurrent.Executor,androidx.core.util.Consumer,kotlinx.coroutines.flow.Flow)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo createAccessibilityNodeInfo(int)
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: void onPostResume()
androidx.core.app.AppOpsManagerCompat$Api29Impl: android.app.AppOpsManager getSystemService(android.content.Context)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void onSurfaceCreated(android.view.Surface)
androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend$ExtensionListenerImpl: void onWindowLayoutChanged(android.app.Activity,androidx.window.layout.WindowLayoutInfo)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getCurrentContentInsetEnd()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: android.graphics.Matrix getLocalMatrix()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setStrokeColor(int)
androidx.window.embedding.ActivityFilter: ActivityFilter(android.content.ComponentName,java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLProtectionSpace: void setRealm(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTrigger: void setResourceType(java.util.List)
androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend: androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend access$getGlobalInstance$cp()
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: void onCreateSupportNavigateUpTaskStack(androidx.core.app.TaskStackBuilder)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPath: java.lang.String getPathName()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.PluginScript: void setRequiredInAllContentWorlds(boolean)
io.flutter.view.FlutterView: float getDevicePixelRatio()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setTitle(int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.credential_database.CredentialDatabaseHelper: void clearAllTables(android.database.sqlite.SQLiteDatabase)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$7: void onCancel(android.content.DialogInterface)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProvider getAccessibilityNodeProvider(android.view.View)
com.google.zxing.qrcode.decoder.Mode: com.google.zxing.qrcode.decoder.Mode[] values()
com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.FieldType: com.google.crypto.tink.shaded.protobuf.FieldType[] values()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessageChannel createWebMessageChannel(android.webkit.ValueCallback)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void onDetachedFromActivity()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api30Impl: void setStateDescription(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend: void setWindowExtension(androidx.window.layout.ExtensionInterfaceCompat)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.CustomTabsMenuItem: void setLabel(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.gms.common.api.PendingResult: PendingResult()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.NavigationAction: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: void setContentView(android.view.View)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScript: java.lang.String toString()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$18: void notImplemented()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.Size2D: java.lang.String toString()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: void zonedScheduleNotification(android.content.Context,com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.NotificationDetails,java.lang.Boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InputAwareWebView: void resetInputConnection()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.ContentWorld: java.lang.String getName()
com.facebook.appevents.cloudbridge.ConversionsAPISection: com.facebook.appevents.cloudbridge.ConversionsAPISection[] values()
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setTargetOffsetTopAndBottom(int)
androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTracker$Companion: androidx.window.layout.WindowInfoTracker getOrCreate(android.content.Context)
com.facebook.internal.CallbackManagerImpl$RequestCodeOffset: com.facebook.internal.CallbackManagerImpl$RequestCodeOffset[] values()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.styles.BigTextStyleInformation: BigTextStyleInformation(java.lang.Boolean,java.lang.Boolean,java.lang.String,java.lang.Boolean,java.lang.String,java.lang.Boolean,java.lang.String,java.lang.Boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.ThreadedInputConnectionProxyAdapterView: boolean hasWindowFocus()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: int getScrollY()
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterImageView$SurfaceKind: io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterImageView$SurfaceKind valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.pull_to_refresh.PullToRefreshOptions: java.util.Map getRealOptions(java.lang.Object)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyCookieManager: void deleteCookie(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.InAppWebViewInterface: void postWebMessage(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.WebMessage,android.net.Uri,android.webkit.ValueCallback)
androidx.window.embedding.ActivityFilter: boolean matchesIntent(android.content.Intent)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient: android.content.Intent getVideoIntent()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setTextMetricsParamsCompat(androidx.core.text.PrecomputedTextCompat$Params)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$ClipboardContentFormat: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$ClipboardContentFormat[] values()
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: void onMultiWindowModeChanged(boolean)
io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.GeneratedAndroidWebView$FileChooserMode: io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.GeneratedAndroidWebView$FileChooserMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ExpandedMenuView: ExpandedMenuView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: java.lang.CharSequence getCollapseContentDescription()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.ServiceWorkerManager$DummyServiceWorkerClientCompat: ServiceWorkerManager$DummyServiceWorkerClientCompat()
androidx.core.app.ActivityCompat$Api21Impl: void startPostponedEnterTransition(android.app.Activity)
com.google.firebase.heartbeatinfo.HeartBeatInfo$HeartBeat: com.google.firebase.heartbeatinfo.HeartBeatInfo$HeartBeat[] values()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTriggerResourceType: com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTriggerResourceType valueOf(java.lang.String)
kotlinx.coroutines.CoroutineStart: kotlinx.coroutines.CoroutineStart[] values()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack$FlutterMutatorType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack$FlutterMutatorType valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: boolean requestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.DownloadStartRequest: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: java.util.HashMap getCopyBackForwardList()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyWebStorage$2: MyWebStorage$2(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.MyWebStorage,io.flutter.plugin.common.MethodChannel$Result)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.ThreadedInputConnectionProxyAdapterView: android.view.View getRootView()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPath: void setPathData(androidx.core.graphics.PathParser$PathDataNode[])
kotlin.coroutines.jvm.internal.BaseContinuationImpl: kotlin.coroutines.Continuation create(java.lang.Object,kotlin.coroutines.Continuation)
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: android.view.MenuItem setIconTintMode(android.view.MenuItem,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
android.support.v4.media.AudioAttributesImplApi26Parcelizer: AudioAttributesImplApi26Parcelizer()
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebViewClientBoundaryInterface: void onReceivedError(android.webkit.WebView,android.webkit.WebResourceRequest,java.lang.reflect.InvocationHandler)
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterSplashView$SavedState: android.os.Bundle access$700(io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterSplashView$SavedState)
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculator$Companion$reset$1: java.lang.Object invoke(java.lang.Object)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: void onSupportActionModeFinished(androidx.appcompat.view.ActionMode)
androidx.window.layout.FoldingFeature$Orientation$Companion: FoldingFeature$Orientation$Companion()
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: void supportPostponeEnterTransition()
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleInitializer: ProcessLifecycleInitializer()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewOptions: InAppWebViewOptions()
androidx.window.core.Version: java.lang.String getDescription()
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebViewProviderFactoryBoundaryInterface: java.lang.reflect.InvocationHandler getStatics()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack: void pushTransform(float[])
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setRefreshing(boolean)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.Util: java.lang.String normalizeIPv6(java.lang.String)
androidx.swiperefreshlayout.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setSize(int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$17: void notImplemented()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setSupportButtonTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.firebase.heartbeatinfo.HeartBeatInfo$HeartBeat: com.google.firebase.heartbeatinfo.HeartBeatInfo$HeartBeat valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.appevents.cloudbridge.AppEventsConversionsAPITransformer$ValueTransformationType: com.facebook.appevents.cloudbridge.AppEventsConversionsAPITransformer$ValueTransformationType[] values()
io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.WebViewClientHostApiImpl$WebViewClientImpl: void onPageStarted(android.webkit.WebView,java.lang.String,android.graphics.Bitmap)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.plugin_scripts_js.ConsoleLogJS: ConsoleLogJS()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebView: void setContextMenu(java.util.Map)
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: boolean performAction(int,int,android.os.Bundle)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.NavigationActionPolicy: NavigationActionPolicy(java.lang.String,int,int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$9: InAppWebViewChromeClient$9(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient,android.widget.EditText,android.webkit.JsPromptResult,java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: void onTitleChanged(java.lang.CharSequence,int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.HttpAuthenticationChallenge: java.util.Map toMap()
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$3: void onActivityPreCreated(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat$TranslatingCallback: SidecarCompat$TranslatingCallback(androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.chrome_custom_tabs.CustomTabActivityHelper: void bindCustomTabsService(android.app.Activity)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebViewProviderBoundaryInterface: void postMessageToMainFrame(java.lang.reflect.InvocationHandler,android.net.Uri)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.FlutterLocalNotificationsPlugin: java.lang.Boolean sendNotificationPayloadMessage(android.content.Intent)
androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplApi26: AudioAttributesImplApi26()
androidx.window.core.Version: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getPopupBackground()
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculatorDecorator: androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculator decorate(androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculator)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: android.view.MenuInflater getMenuInflater()
androidx.window.embedding.SplitController: void addSplitListener(android.app.Activity,java.util.concurrent.Executor,androidx.core.util.Consumer)
androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend: androidx.window.embedding.EmbeddingInterfaceCompat getEmbeddingExtension()
kotlin.coroutines.jvm.internal.ContinuationImpl: ContinuationImpl(kotlin.coroutines.Continuation,kotlin.coroutines.CoroutineContext)
androidx.window.layout.SidecarCompat$DistinctElementCallback: void onWindowLayoutChanged(android.app.Activity,androidx.window.layout.WindowLayoutInfo)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: boolean getFitsSystemWindows(android.view.View)
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.PersonDetails: PersonDetails(java.lang.Boolean,java.lang.Object,com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.IconSource,java.lang.Boolean,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
androidx.window.layout.SidecarWindowBackend: boolean isActivityRegistered(android.app.Activity)
androidx.core.provider.FontProvider$Api16Impl: android.database.Cursor query(android.content.ContentResolver,android.net.Uri,java.lang.String[],java.lang.String,java.lang.String[],java.lang.String,java.lang.Object)
androidx.window.embedding.ExtensionEmbeddingBackend$SplitListenerWrapper: androidx.core.util.Consumer getCallback()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack: java.util.List getFinalClippingPaths()
androidx.appcompat.widget.FitWindowsFrameLayout: FitWindowsFrameLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.WebViewActivity$2: boolean shouldOverrideUrlLoading(android.webkit.WebView,java.lang.String)
androidx.window.embedding.SplitInfo: androidx.window.embedding.ActivityStack getSecondaryActivityStack()
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebViewProviderBoundaryInterface: void setWebViewRendererClient(java.lang.reflect.InvocationHandler)
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api19Impl: java.io.File[] getExternalCacheDirs(android.content.Context)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPathRenderer: void setAlpha(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.DialogTitle: DialogTitle(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: androidx.activity.result.ActivityResultRegistry getActivityResultRegistry()
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: boolean access$202(io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback,boolean)
kotlin.jvm.internal.CallableReference: boolean isOpen()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity: void didChangeProgress(int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewClient$6: void notImplemented()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_webview.InAppWebViewChromeClient$16: void error(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Object)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformViewsChannel$PlatformViewCreationRequest$RequestedDisplayMode: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformViewsChannel$PlatformViewCreationRequest$RequestedDisplayMode[] values()
androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculator$Companion: androidx.window.layout.WindowMetricsCalculator getOrCreate()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: int getAutoSizeMaxTextSize()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity$1: InAppBrowserActivity$1(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.in_app_browser.InAppBrowserActivity)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: void setSupportProgressBarIndeterminateVisibility(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setBackgroundResource(int)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.UserScript: java.lang.String getSource()
androidx.appcompat.view.WindowCallbackWrapper$Api24Impl: void onProvideKeyboardShortcuts(android.view.Window$Callback,java.util.List,android.view.Menu,int)
androidx.window.R$attr: R$attr()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ListPopupWindow$Api29Impl: void setEpicenterBounds(android.widget.PopupWindow,android.graphics.Rect)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner$Api16Impl: void removeOnGlobalLayoutListener(android.view.ViewTreeObserver,android.view.ViewTreeObserver$OnGlobalLayoutListener)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: void onNightModeChanged(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setDividerDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
org.chromium.support_lib_boundary.WebSettingsBoundaryInterface: boolean getOffscreenPreRaster()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.styles.MessagingStyleInformation: MessagingStyleInformation(com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.models.PersonDetails,java.lang.String,java.lang.Boolean,java.util.ArrayList,java.lang.Boolean,java.lang.Boolean)
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: int getContentPaddingTop()
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlocker: void setTrigger(com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.content_blocker.ContentBlockerTrigger)
com.pichillilorenzo.flutter_inappwebview.types.URLProtectionSpace: int hashCode()
com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.RepeatInterval: com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.RepeatInterval[] values()
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: AccessibilityViewEmbedder(android.view.View,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer: IconCompatParcelizer()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setBackgroundTintMode(android.view.View,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: java.lang.CharSequence getTooltipText(android.view.MenuItem)
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$3: ProcessLifecycleOwner$3(androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner)
